--- PAGE 1255 ---
1050 CDS Pathfinder
First in World
First in World (Male)
First Secretary-General of United Nations Trygve Lie (Norw ay)
First President of United States of America George Washingt on
First President of the Republic of China Dr Sun Yat Sen (1912)
First Prime Minister of Great Britain Sir Robert Walpole (17 15)
Pakistan’s first Governor-General Mohammed Ali Jinnah
First Ethnic-Indian Prime Minister of Fiji Mahendra Choudh ary
First American President to visit India Dwight David Eisenh ower
First Russian (Soviet) Prime Minister
to visit India
Nikolai Bulganin
First European invader of Indian soil Alexander The Great
First man to go into space Major Yuri Gagarin (USSR)
First man to walk in space Alexey Leonov (Russia)
First space tourist Dennis Tito (USA)
First man to set foot on the Moon Neil Armstrong (USA)
First man to fly an aeroplane Wright Brothers
First man to reach North pole Robert Peary
First man to reach South pole Roald Amundsen
First man to climb Mount Everest Sherpa Tenzing Norgay and
Sir Edmund Hillary
(29th May, 1953)
First man to climb Mount Everest twice Nawang Gombu (1965)
First blind man to scale Mount Everest Erik Weihenmayer
(25th May, 2001)
First person to sail around the world Ferdinand Magellan
First deaf and dumb to cross the Strait
of Gibralter
Taranath Shenoy (India)
First European to visit China Marco Polo
First man to draw the map of Earth Aneximander
First man to compile encyclopaedia Aspheosis (Athens)
First man to win Nobel Prize for Literature Sully Prudhomme ( France)
First man to win Nobel Prize for Peace Henry Dunant (Switzerl and)
and Frederic Passy (France)
First man to win Nobel Prize for Physics WK Roentgen (Germany )
First man to win Nobel Prize for Chemistry Jacobus H Van’t Hof t
(Holland)
First man to win Nobel Prize for Medicine AE Von Behring (Germ any)
First man to win Nobel Prize for Economics Ragnar Frisch (Nor way) and
Jan Tinbergen (Holland)
First and only black man ever to win
singles Wimbledon Trophy
Arthur Ashe (USA)
First Asian to head the International Cricket
Council
Jagmohan Dalmiya
First man to hit double century in One Day
International Match
Sachin Tendulkar (India)
First in World (Female)
First woman President of UN General
Assembly
Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit (1953)
First woman President of a country Maria Estela Peron ( Argentina)
First woman Prime Minister of a country S Bhandarnayake ( Sri Lanka)
First woman Prime Minister of England Margaret Thatcher
First woman Prime Minister of any
Muslim country
Benazir Bhutto ( Pakistan)
First woman cosmonaut in space Valentina Tereshkova ( USSR)
After analysing the previous year question papers, we have noticed that the General Knowledge has a vital
role to play. Around 15-18 questions are asked from this section which includes a number of topics. A
candidate must update herself/himself with the topics like Sports, Important personalities, Defence,
Awards in various fields, Authors and their works, UNESCO World heritage sites, Space research etc.
05
GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
--- PAGE 1256 ---
First woman space tourist Anousheh Ansari
(Irani American )
First woman to reach the North pole Frances Phipps
First woman to set foot on the North pole Ann Bancroft, USA
First woman to reach Antarctica Caroline Michaelson
First woman to climb Mount Everest Junko Tabei ( Japan)
First woman in the world to cross the
Strait of Gibralter
Sophie Psilolignou ( Greek)
First woman to chair US Central Bank
‘Federal Reserve’
Janet Yellen
First UN Deputy Secretary-General Louise Frechette ( Canada)
First in World (Miscellaneous)
First city to be attacked with atom bomb Hiroshima (Japan)
First country to launch satellite into space Russia (former USSR)
First country to host the modern Olympic Games Greece
First religion of the world Sanatan Dharma
First country to print books China
First country to issue paper currency China
First country to start civil services competition China
First country to make education compulsory Prussia
First country to win the World Cup Football Uruguay (1930)
First country to make a Constitution United States of Americ a
First country to launch satellite into space Russia
First country to host modern olympics Greece
First space shuttle launched Columbia
First spaceship landed on Moon Viking-1
First university of the world Taxila University
First in India
First in India (Male)
First mountaineer to climb the Mount
Everest 10 times
Ang Rita Sherpa
First Chairman of National Human Rights
Commission
Rangnath Mishra
First Chief Justice of India Hiralal J Kania
First Muslim President of Indian National Congress Badrudd in Tayyabji
First Muslim President of India Dr Zakir Hussain
First Governor General of Free India Lord Mountbatten
First and last Indian to be Governor General
of Free India
C Rajagopalachari
First Indian to receive Bharat Ratna Award Dr Radhakrishnan
First Education Minister Abdul Kalam Azad
First person to receive Nobel Prize in Economics Amartya Sen
First Wax Statue of a Living Indian Mahatma Gandhi at
Madame Tussaud’s
in 1939
First in India (Female)
First lady to become Miss World Reita Faria
First woman Judge in Supreme Court Mrs Fatima Beevi
First woman Governor of a State in free India Mrs Sarojini Nai du
First woman Prime Minister Mrs Indira Gandhi
First woman to climb Mount Everest Bachhendri Pal
First woman to receive Ashoka Chakra Nirja Bhanot
First woman to receive Jnanpith Award Ashapurna Devi
First woman to receive Nobel Prize Mother Teresa
First woman Director General of Police Kanchan Chaudhary
Bhattacharya
First woman Lieutenant General Puneeta Arora
First in India (Miscellaneous)
Census 1872
Regular decadal census 1881 onwards
Newspaper Bengal Gazette
University Nalanda University
Defence University Indian National Defence University,
Gurgaon
Bank Bank of Hindustan
Telephone in India 1851
Telegraph line Diamond Harbour to Calcutta
First rail line Mumbai to Thane
First expressway Mumbai-Pune
First metro train Kolkata Metro
Marine National Park Kutch
National Park Jim Corbatt National Park
Biosphere Reserve Nilgiri
First Stock Exchange Bombay Stock Exchange
Silent Film Raja Harishchandra
Talkie Movie Aalam Ara
First Satellite Aryabhatta
First to implement Panchayati Raj Rajasthan
First Indian in International Court
of Justice
Dr Nagendra Singh
First test tube baby Harsha (Indira)
Superlatives in World
(The Largest, Biggest, Smallest, Longest, Highest)
Airliner Longest—Boeing 747-8
Airport Largest—King Abdul Khalid International Airport
(Riyadh, Saudi Arabia)
Highest—Bangda Airport, Tibet (Now in China)
Bay Largest—Hudson Bay, Canada
Building Tallest—Burj Khalifa, Dubai (828 m)
1051GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1257 ---
1052 CDS Pathfinder
Continent Smallest—Australia
Largest—Asia
Coral formation Largest—The Great Barrier Reef (Australia )
Country Largest (in area)—Russia
Highest—Tibet (The Pamirs)
Largest (in population)—China
Day Longest—21st June (in Northern hemisphere)
Shortest—22nd December (in Northern
hemisphere)
Delta Largest—Sundarbans, India
Democracy Largest—India
Desert Largest—Sahara, Africa
Gulf Longest—Gulf of Mexico
Island Largest—Greenland (renamed Kalaallit Nunaat)
Lake Deepest—Baikal (Siberia)
Highest—Titicaca (Bolivia)
Largest (Fresh Water)—Lake Superior, USA
Largest (Artificial)—Lake Mead (Boulder)
Minar
(Free standing)
Tallest—Qutub Minar, Delhi (238 ft)
Mosque Largest Masjid—al-Haram, Saudi Arabia
Mountain Peak
(World)
Highest—Mt Everest (Nepal), Himalayas
Mountain Range Longest—Andes S America
Ocean Deepest and Biggest—The Pacific
Peninsula Largest—Arabia
Place Coldest—Oymyakon (Russia) Temperature −58°F.
Hottest—Al-Aziziyah (Libya, Africa) 136°F
Driest—Mc Murdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica
River Longest—Nile (6690 km)
Largest (Basin)—Amazon Basin
Sea (Inland) Largest—Mediterranean
Statue Tallest—Spring Temple Buddha, China
Tunnel Longest and Largest (Canal)—Le Rove Tunnel
(South of France)
Longest (Railway)—Gotthard Base Tunnel
(Switzerland)
Volcano Largest—Mauna Loa (Hawaii)
Highest—Ojos del Salado, Andes, Argentine-Chile
(6885 m)
Waterfall Highest—Salto Angel Falls (Venezuela)
World’s Rainiest Spot Mawsynram (Meghalaya, India)
Superlatives in India
(Biggest, Highest, Largest, Longest, Smallest etc.)
The longest River The Ganga (2640 km)
The longest Canal Indira Gandhi Canal or Rajasthan Canal
(Rajasthan)
The longest Dam Hirakud Dam (Odisha)
The largest Lake Wular Lake (Jammu and Kashmir)
The highest Dam Tehri Dam on Bhagirathi River
The highest Waterfall Kunchikal (Karnataka)
The State with longest Coastline Gujarat
The longest Sea Bridge Bandra-Worli sea link
The longest Road NH-44 (Srinagar to Kanya Kumari)
The highest Road Road at Khardungla (in Leh-Manali Sector)
The highest Airport Leh Airport (Ladakh)
The largest Desert Thar (Rajasthan)
The largest Delta Sunderbans (Paschim Banga)
The largest Zoo Zoological Garden (Kolkata)
The tallest TV Tower Rameswaram Tower, Tamil Nadu
The highest Peak Godwin Austin, K-2 (8611 m)
The largest Mosque Jama Masjid (Delhi)
The tallest Statue Gomateswara (Karnataka)
The oldest Church St Thomas Church at Palayur, Trichur
(Kerala)
The biggest Church Saint Cathedral at Old Goa (Goa)
The longest Beach Mariana Beach, Chennai
The largest Dome Gol Gumbaz (Bizapur, Karnataka)
The heaviest Rainfall Mawsynram (Meghalaya)
The oldest Refinery Digboi (Assam)
The longest Glacier Siachen Glacier (Indo-Pak Border)
Most populous city Mumbai (Maharashtra)
The fastest Train Gatimaan Express (Delhi-Agra)
The largest Cave Temple Ellora Temples (Aurangabad, Mahara shtra)
The largest concentration of
Scheduled Tribes
Madhya Pradesh
The largest concentration of
Scheduled Caste Population
Uttar Pradesh
The largest Plateau Deccan Plateau
The largest Public Sector Bank State Bank of India
Countries with Capitals, Currencies and Languages
Country Capital(s) Currency Primary
Language(s)
Afghanistan Kabul Afghani Dari Persian; Pashto
Albania Tirane Lek Albanian
Algeria Algiers Algerian Dinar Arabic; Tamazight;
French
Angola Luanda Kwanza Portuguese
Argentina Buenos Aires Argentine Peso Spanish
Australia Canberra Australian Dollar English
Austria Vienna Euro German
Bahrain Manama Bahraini Dinar Arabic
Bangladesh Dhaka Taka Bangla
Belgium Brussels Euro Dutch; French;
German
Bhutan Thimphu Ngultrum Dzongkha
Cambodia Phnom Penh Riel Khmer
Canada Ottawa Canadian Dollar English; French
Chile Santiago Chilean Peso Spanish
China Beijing Chinese Yuan Mandarin
--- PAGE 1258 ---
Country Capital(s) Currency Primary
Language(s)
Democratic
Republic of the
Congo
Kinshasa Congolese Franc French
Cyprus Nicosia Euro Greek; Turkish
Denmark Copenhagen Danish Krone Danish
Egypt Cairo Egyptian Pound Arabic
Ethiopia Addis Ababa Birr Amharic
France Paris Euro; CFP Franc French
Germany Berlin Euro German
Ghana Accra Ghanaian Cedi English
Greece Athens Euro Greek
India New Delhi Indian Rupee Hindi; English
Indonesia Jakarta Rupiah Indonesian
Iran Tehran Rial Persian
Iraq Baghdad Iraqi Dinar Arabic; Kurdish
Japan Tokyo Yen Japanese
Jordan Amman Jordanian Dinar Arabic
Kazakhstan Astana Tenge Kazakh; Russian
Kenya Nairobi Kenyan Shilling Swahili; English
Libya Tripoli Libyan Dinar Arabic
Malaysia Kuala Lumpur Ringgit Malay
Mali Bamako West African CFA
Franc
French
Mauritius Port Louis Mauritian Rupee English
Mongolia Ulaanbaatar Togrog Mongolian
Mexico Mexico City Mexican Peso Spanish
Myanmar
(Burma)
Naypyidaw Kyat Burmese
Nepal Kathmandu Nepalese Rupee Nepali
New Zealand Wellington New Zealand
Dollar
English
North Korea Pyongyang North Korean Won Korean
Norway Oslo Norwegian Krone Norwegian
Pakistan Islamabad Pakistani Rupee Urdu; English
Philippines Manila Phillipine Peso Filipino; English
Poland Warsaw Zloty Polish
Portugal Lisbon Euro Portuguese
Qatar Doha Qatari Riyal Arabic
Russia Moscow Ruble Russian
Saudi Arabia Riyadh Saudi Riyal Arabic
Singapore Singapore Singapore Dollar English; Malay;
Mandarin Chinese
South Korea Seoul South Korean Won Korean
South Africa Pretoria;
Cape Town;
Bloemfontein
Rand Zulu; Xhosa;
Afrikaans
Sri Lanka Colombo Sri Lankan Rupee Sinhala; Tamil
Sudan Khartoum Sudanese Pound Arabic; English
Country Capital(s) Currency Primary
Language(s)
Syria Damascus Syrian Pound Arabic
Thailand Bangkok Thai Baht Thai
Uganda Kampala Uganda Shilling Swahili; English
United
Kingdom
London Pound Sterling English
Ukraine Kiev Hryvnia Ukranian; Russian
United States
of America
Washington DC United States Dollar English; Spanish
United Arab
Emirates
Abu Dhabi Dirham Arabic
Vatican City Vatican City Euro Latin; Italian
Vietnam Hanoi Dong Vietnamese
Venezuela Caracas Bolivar Fuerte Spanish
Zimbabwe Harare United States Dollar English
National Emblem of Major Countries
Country Emblem Country Emblem
Australia Kangaroo
Bangladesh Water Lily Israel Candelabrum
Belgium Lion Italy White Lily
Canada White Lily,
Maple Leaf
Japan Chrysanthemum
Chile Candor and Huemul Netherlands Lion
Denmark Beach New Zealand Southern Cross,
Kiwi, Fern
France Lily Norway Lion
Germany Corn Flower Pakistan Crescent and Star
India Lioned Capital Spain Eagle
Iran Rose UK Rose
Ireland The Harp USA Golden Rod
Principal Languages
of India
India is home to several hundred languages. The
Constitution of India recognises 22 languages.
Language Region
Assamese Assam
Bengali West Bengal
Bodo North-East States
Dogri Himachal Pradesh, Jammu
Gujarati Gujarat
Hindi Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar,
especially in Northern part of India.
Kannada Karnataka
Kashmiri Jammu & Kashmir
Konkani Goa
Malayalam Kerala
1053GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1259 ---
1054 CDS Pathfinder
Language Region
Manipuri Manipur
Maithili Mithilanchal (Bihar)
Marathi Maharashtra
Nepali Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam
Oriya/Odia Odisha
Punjabi Punjab
Sanskrit Earliest language in India
Santhali Chotanagpur Plateau
Sindhi Indo-Aryan language
Tamil Tamil Nadu
Telugu Andhra Pradesh
Urdu Jammu & Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh
Places Related to Famous Personalities
Place Personality
Chittor (Haldighati) Maharana Pratap
Lumbini, Kushinagar, Kapilvastu Gautam Buddha
Porbandar, Sabarmati, Sewagram Mahatma Gandhi
Shanti Niketan Rabindranath Thakur (Tagore)
Talwandi Guru Nanak
Pavapuri, Kundagram Mahavir Swami
Fatehpur Sikri Akbar
Puducherry Arvind Ghosh
Anaudvan Baba Amte
Belur Math Ramkrishna Paramhans
Pavrar Vinoba Bhave
Srirangpattnam Tipu Sultan
Jiradei Dr Rajendra Prasad
Cuttak Subhashchandra Bose
Trimurti Bhavan, Anand Bhavan Jawaharlal Nehru
Bardoli Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel
Great Foundations and their Founders
Foundation Founder
Kashi Hindu Vishwavidyalaya (1916) Pandit Madanmohan Malv iya
Shanti Niketan Ravindranath Tagore
Swaraj Party (1923) CR Das and Motilal Nehru
Indian Association (1876) Surendranath Banerjee and
Anand Mohan Bose
Theosophical Society (1875) Madam Blavatsky
Asiatic Society (1984) William Jones
Indian National Congress (1885) AO Hume
Ramkrishna Mission (1897) Swami Vivekananda
Prarthana Samaj (1867) Aatmaram Pandurang
Tatvabodhini Sabha Devendranath Tagore
Harijan Sewak Sangh (1932) Mahatma Gandhi
Crematorium of Famous Persons
Crematorium Person Crematorium Person
Samata Sthal Jagjeevan Ram Veer Bhumi Rajiv Gandhi
Karma Bhumi Dr Shankar Dayal
Sharma
Ekta Sthal Giani Zail Singh,
Chandra Shekhar
Mahaprayan
Ghat
Dr Rajendra Prasad Uday Bhoomi KR Narayanan
Raj Ghat Mahatma Gandhi Shanti Van Jawaharlal Nehru
Vijay Ghat Lal Bahadur Shastri Shakti Sthal Indira Gandhi
Kishan Ghat Chaudhary Charan
Singh
Abhay Ghat Morarji Desai
State and Folk Dances
Andhra Pradesh Kuchipudi, Ghantamardala, Ottam Thedal, Si ddhi
Madhuri
Assam Bihu, Bichhua, Maharas, Kaligopal, Naga dance, Khel
Gopal, Tabal Chongli, Jhumura Hobjanai
Arunachal Pradesh Mask dance, Wardance
Bihar Jata-Jatin, Bakho-Bakhain, Panwariya, Sama-Chakwa ,
Bidesia
Chhattisgarh Goudi, Karma, Jhumar, Dagia, Navrani, Mundar i,
Tapeli, Pali
Gujarat Garba, Dandiya Ras, Juriun
Goa Mandi, Jhagor, Khol, Dakni etc
Haryana Jhumar, Phag, Daph, Dhamal, Loor, Khor
Himachal Pradesh Jhora, Jhali, Dhaman, Chhapeli, Nati, Dan gi, Stick
dance
Jammu & Kashmir Rauf, Hikat, Kud Dandi Nach, Damali
Jharkhand Chhau, Sarhul, Karma, Sohrai, Bidesia
Karnataka Yakshagan, Suggi, Kunitha, Karga, Lambi
Kerala Kathakali (Classical), Ottam Thulal, Mohiniattam
Maharashtra Lavani, Nakata, Koli, Lezim, Gafa, Dahikala Da savtar
or Bohada, Tamasha, Gouricha
Meghalaya Laho, Baagia
Manipur Manipuri, Rakhal, Nat Rash, Maha Rash, Riukhat etc
Mizoram Khanatm, Pakhupila, Cherokan
Nagaland Chong, Khaiva, Lim, Nuralim
Odisha Odissi (Classical), Savari, Ghumara, Painka, Munar i,
Chhau
West Bengal Kathi, Gambhira, Dhali, Jatra, Baul, Mahal, Kee rtan etc
Punjab Bhangra, Giddha, Daff, Dhaman etc
Rajasthan Ghumar, Chakri, Ganagor, Jhulan Leela, Jhuma,
Ghapal, Kalbeliya
Tamil Nadu Bharatnatyam, Kumi, Kolattam
Telangana Perini Sivatandavan or Perini Thandavan
Uttar Pradesh Nautanki, Raslila, Kajri, Jhora, Chappeli
Uttarakhand Garhwali, Kumayuni, Kajari, Jhora, Raslila, C happeli
--- PAGE 1260 ---
Indian Authors and their Books
Writers Books
Dr APJ Abdul
Kalam
Ignited Minds, Inspiring Thoughts, You are Born to
Blossom, Envisioning an Empowered Nation, Turning
Points (2012), India 2020 : A Vision for the New
Millennium, Target 3 Billion, The Family and the Nation
(2008), Wings of Fire (Autobiography) , Evolution of
Enlightened Societies, Transendence : My Spiritual
Experience with Swami Ji
Jawaharlal Nehru A Bunch of Old Letters, Glimpses of World Hi story,
Letters from Father to his Daughter, The Discovery of
India
Indira Gandhi My Truth, On People and Problems
Dr Hamid Ansari Travelling through Conflict, Citizen and So ciety
Narendra Modi Jyoti Punj (Hindi), Sakshi Bhaav (Hindi), Social
Harmony (English), Convenient Action to Climate
Change (English)
Pranab
Mukherjee
The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years, The
Turbulent Years (1980-1996) Vol-II, Thought and
Reflection
Dr Rajendra
Prasad
India Divided, Idea of a Nation
Sarvapalli Radha
Krishnan
The Philosophy of Rabindranath Tagore, Indian
Philosophy, The Hindu View of Life, Religion and
Society, Recovery of Faith
Aurobindo Ghosh Life Divine, Essays on Gita
BR Ambedkar Annihilation of Caste, What Congress and Gandhi
have Done to Untouchables
Dada Bhai Naoroji Poverty and Un-British Rule in India
Jyotiba Phule Gulamgiri
JP Narayan Prison Diary
Khan Abdul Ghaffar
Khan
Pakhtoon
Sarojini Naidu The Feather of Dawn, Broken Wing, Golden Threshold
Lala Lajpat Rai Unhappy India
Mahatma Gandhi My Experiment with Truth, Hind Swaraj, Pathw ay to
God, India of My Dreams
Raja Ram Mohan
Roy
Percept of Jesus, Mirat-ul Akbar
Shashi Tharoor Bookless in Bagdad, Show business, India Shastra,
The Elephant, Packs Indica, Great Indian Novel
Subhash Chandra
Bose
The Indian Struggle
VD Savarkar Indian War of Independence
Amartya Sen Development as Freedom, The Idea of Justice, The
Argumentative Indians, Rationality and Freedom,
Inequality Re-examined, Commodities and
Capabilities, Between the Assassination
Bankin Chandra
Chathopadhyay
Anand Math Devi, Devi Chaudharani
Cyrus Mistry Passion Flower
Dilip Kumar The Substance and the Shadow
Khushwant Singh The Sunset Club, Train to Pakistan, Sahibs w ho Loved
India, To the Thinkers Prayer Book, Why I Supported
the Emergency
Vimal Kumar Sachin: Cricketer of the Century
Writers Books
Meghnad Desai The Rediscovery of India
Mulk Raj Anand The Village, Untouchable, Confession of a Lov er,
Seven Summers, Two Leaves and a Bud, Coolie
Ruskin Bond Our Tree Still Grow in Dehra, The Blue Umbrella
Rabindranath
Tagore
Gitanjali, Gora, Dak Ghar, Raja
Kailash Satyarthi Azad Bachpan Ki Aur
TS Sudhir Saina Nehwal: An Inspirational Biography
Kiran Desai The Inheritance of Loss, Hullabaloo in the Guava
Orchard
Anita Desai Fire on the Mountain, The Zig Zag Way
Mahasweta Devi Rudaali, Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa
Annie Besant Wake up India, An Introduction to Yoga, The Case for
India, My Path of Atheism
Chetan Bhagat Revolution 2020, What India Wants, Half Girlfriend,
Making India Awesome, One Indian Girl
Shobhaa De Second Thoughts, Superstar India : From Incredible
to Unstoppable, Sweet Sixteen
Mother Teresa Down Memory Lane
Shobha Narayanan Return to India
Milkha Singh The Race of My Life
Luis Suarez Crossing the Line
Kapil Dev Straight from the Heart
PT Usha Golden Girl
Saina Nehwal Playing to Win
MC Mary Kom Unbreakable
Salman Rushdie Midnight’s Children, Two Years Eight Months and
Twenty-Eight Nights, Shame, The Moor’s Last Sigh,
Fury, The Satanic Verses
Aravind Adiga The White Tiger, The Last Man in Tower
Vikram Seth A Suitable Boy, An Equal Music, Two Lives, The
Golden Gate
Arundhati Roy The God of Small Things, The Algebra of Infinit e Justice
Rohinton Mistry Such a Long Journey, Family Matters, A Fine B alance
VS Naipaul A House for Mr Biswas, India : A Wounded Civilisation,
An Area of Darkness, India : A Million Mutinies Now,
The Masque of Africa, A Bend in the River
Amitav Ghosh The Circle of Reason, Flood of Fire, River of Smoke,
The Glass Palace, The Shadow Lines, The Calcutta
Chromosome, The Hungry Tide, Sea of Poppies, In an
Antique Land
Nayantara Sehgal Plans for Departure, A voice of Indian
Parashar Kulkarni Cow and Company
Jhumpa Lahiri Namesake, The Interpreter of Maladies, The Lowland,
Unaccustomed Earth
Akhil Sharma Family Life (Novel)
Dilip D’souza Ride Across the River
Nilotpal Mrinal
Shandilya
Dark Horse : A Story
Chetan Bhagat Five Point Someone, The three Mistakes of My Li fe,
Two States, Revolution 2020
1055GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1261 ---
1056 CDS Pathfinder
IMPORTANT DATES AND DAYS OF THE YEAR
January
9 Pravasi Bhartiya Diwas
12 National Youth Day (Birthday of Swami Vivekanand)
15 Army Day
24 Girl Child Day
25 National Tourism Day, Voter’s Day
26 Indian Republic Day
30 Martyr’s Day (Mahatma Gandhi’s Martyrdom), World
Leprosy Eradication Day
February
1 Indian Coast Guard Day
2 World Wetlands Day
28 National Science Day
March
3 National Defence Day, World Wildlife Day
4 National Security Day
8 International Women’s Day
15 World Consumer Rights Day
21 World Forestry Day, International Day for the
Elimination of Racial Discrimination
22 World Water Day
24 World TB Day
April
5 National Maritime Day
7 World Health Day
13 Jallianwala Bagh Massacre Day (1919)
14 BR Ambedkar Remembrance Day
18 World Heritage Day
22 World Earth Day
24 Panchayat Divas
May
1 International Labour Day (May Day)
8 World Red Cross Day
21 Anti-Terrorism Day
22 World Biodiversity Day
31 World Anti-Tobacco Day
June
5 World Environment Day
20 World Refugee Day
21 International Yoga Day
July
11 World Population Day
26 Kargil Victory Day
28 World Nature Conservation Day, World Hepatitis Day
August
6 Hiroshima Day (World Peace Day)
9 Nagasaki Day
15 India’s Independence Day
20 Sadbhavna Diwas
29 National Sports Day (Dhyanchand’s birthday)
September
5 Teachers’ Day, Dr Radhakrishnan’s Birthday
8 International Literacy Day (UNESCO)
15 International Day of Democracy
16 World Ozone Day
21 International Day of Peace/Wolrd Alzheimer’s Day
27 World Tourism Day
October
2 International Non-violence Day, Lal Bahadur Shastri and
Mahatma Gandhi’s Birthday
8 Indian Air Force Day
10 World Mental Health Day; National Post Day
11 International Girl Child Day
20 National Solidarity Day
(China attacked India on that day)
24 United Nations Day
31 Unity Day
November
11 National Education Day
14 Children’s Day, World Diabetes Day
16 National Press Day
17 National Epilepsy Day
19 National Integration Day
20 Universal Children’s Day (UN)
26 Constitution Day
December
1 World AIDS Day
2 International Day for the Abolition of Slavery
3 World Disabled Day
4 Navy Day
10 Human Rights Day
16 Vijay Divas/Bangladesh Day
23 Kisan Divas (Farmer’s Day)
25 National Good Governance Day/X-Mas Day
--- PAGE 1262 ---
ABBREVIATIONS
AD Anno□Domini□(After□the□birth□of
Jesus)
AFSPA Armed Forces Special Power Act
AIDS Acquired Immuno Deficiency
Syndrome
APPLE Ariane□Passenger□Payload
Experiment
ASI Archaeological□Survey□of□India
AWACS Airborne□Warning□And□Control
System
BC SBI Banking□Codes□and□Standard
Board□of□India
BBC British□Broadcasting
Corporation
BC Before□Christ
(Before□the□birth□of□Jesus□Christ)
BCG Bacillus Calmette Guerin
(Anti-Tuberculosis□Vaccine)
BIMSTEC Bay□of□Bengal□Initiative□for
Multi-Sectoral□Technical□and
Economic□Co-operation
BIS Bureau□of□Indian□Standards
BMDS Ballistic□Missile Defence System
BRO Border Roads Organisation
BRT Bus□Rapid□Transit
CAG Comptroller□and□Auditor
General
CAIR Centre for□Artificial□Intelligence
and□Robotics
CAZRI Central Arid Zone Research
Institute
CBI Central□Bureau□of□Investigation
CISF Central□Industrial□Security□Force
CITES Convention□on□International
Trade□in□Endangered□Species
CNG Compressed□Natural□Gas
CPCB Central□Pollution□Control□Board
CPRI Central□Power□Research
Institute
CSIR Council□of□Scientific□and
Industrial□Research
CVC Central□Vigilance□Commission
DDT Dichlorodiphenyl
Trichloroethane
DFDR Digital□Flight□Data□Recorder
(Black□Box)
DIG Deputy□Inspector□General
DPT Diphtheria□Pertussis□Tetanus
DRDO Defence Research□and
Development Organisation
ECG Electro□Cardiogram
ECT Electro Convulsive Therapy
(electric□shock□treatment)
EEG Electro-Encephalography
ELISA Enzyme□Linked Immuno
Sorbent□Assay□(used□for
testing□AIDS)
ESCAP Economic and Social
Commission for Asia and the
Pacific
EVM Electronic□Voting□Machine
FDI Foreign□Direct□Investment
FII Foreign□Institutional□Investor
FERA Foreign□Exchange□Regulation
Act
FEMA Foreign□Exchange
Management□Act
FICCI Federation□of□Indian
Chambers□of□Commerce□and
Industry
GATS General□Agreement□on□Trade
in□Services
GATT General□Agreement□on
Tariffs□and□Trade
GMT Greenwich□Mean□Time
GNSS Global Navigation Satellite
System
GPS Global□Positioning□System
GSLV Geosynchronous□Satellite
Launch□Vehicle
HAL Hindustan□Aeronautics□Limited
HIV Human□Immunodeficiency□Virus
IAAI International□Airport□Authority□of
India
IAEA International Atomic Energy Agency
ICRC International□Committee□of□the□Red
Cross
IMO International□Maritime Organisation
INSAT Indian□National□Satellite
IPC Indian□Penal□Code
IRBM Intermediate□Range□Ballistic□Missile
IRS Indian□Remote□Sensing□Satellite
ISRO Indian□Space□Research Organisation
JAM Jandhan□Yojana□Aadhar,□Mobile
Number
KYC Know□Your□Customer
LCA Light□Combat□Aircraft
LIGO Laser□Interferometer□Gravitational
wave□Observatory
LOC Line□of□Control
LOAC Line□of□Actual□Control
LTA Light□Transport□Aircraft
MAT Minimum□Alternative□Tax
MMS Multimedia□Message□Service
MTCR Missile□Technology□Control□Regime
NACO National□AIDS□Control Organisation
NAFTA North□American□Free□Trade
Agreement
NASA National□Aeronautics□and□Space
Administration
NATO North□Atlantic□Treaty Organisation
NEPA National□Environment□Protection
Authority
NTPC National□Thermal□Power□Corporation
OCI Overseas□Citizen□of□India
ODS Ozone□Depletion□Substances
1057GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J, K, L
M
N
O
--- PAGE 1263 ---
1058 CDS Pathfinder
PIB Press□Information□Bureau
PSLV Polar□Satellite□Launch□Vehicle
RAF Rapid□Action□Force
RBI Reserve□Bank□of□India
RLV Reusable□Launch□Vehicle
SAFTA South□Asian□Free□Trade□Area
SAIL Steel□Authority□of□India□Limited
SAPTA SAARC Preferential Trading Agreement
SATNAV Satellite□Navigation
SAVE SAARC Audio□Visual□Exchange
SCO Shanghai□Co-operation Organisation
SEBI Securities□and□Exchange□Board□of□India
SIDBI Small□Industries□Development□Bank□of□India
STARTS Strategic□Arms□Reduction□Treaty□Station
TIN Tax□Identification□Number
TIEA Tax□Information□Exchange□Agreement
TRAI Telecom□Regulatory□Authority□of□India
TRIPS Trade□Related□Aspects□of□Intellectual□Property□Rights
UAV Unmanned□Aerial□Vehicle
UNCTAD United□Nations□Conference□on□Trade□and□Development
UNDP United□Nations□Development Programme
UNEP United□Nations□Environment Programme
UNFPA United□Nations□Fund□for□Population□Activities
VAT Value□Added□Tax
VOIP Voice□Over□Internet□Protocol
WADA World□Anti-Doping□Agency
WFP World□Food Programme
WWF World□Wide□Fund□for□Nature
YAHOO Yet□Another□Hierarchical□Officious□Oracle
ZSI Zoological□Survey□of□India
AWARDS AND HONOURS
INTERNATIONAL AWARDS
AND HONOURS
Nobel Prize
• The nobel prizes are given under the will of Alfred
Bernhard Nobel, who died in 1896.
• Nobel prizes are given each year in the six fields. The
nobel prizes for Peace, Physics, Chemistry, Medicine
and Literature were started in 1901. The Nobel Prize for
Economics was started in 1968.
• The awards are presented in stockholm in an annual
ceremony on 10th December, except the Peace Prize,
which awarded in OSLO, Norway.
• The prize is not awarded posthumously however, if a
person is awarded a prize and dies before receiving it,
the prize may still be presented.
Indian Nobel Laureates
Name Field Year
Rabindranath Tagore Literature (Gitanjali) 1913
CV Raman Physics (Raman Effect) 1930
Hargobind Khorana
(of Indian Descent)
Medicine (Genetic Code) 1968
Mother Teresa Peace 1979
Subramanian Chandrashekhar
(of Indian Descent)
Physics
(Chandrashekhar’s Limit)
1983
Amartya Sen Economics
(Welfare Economics)
1998
Sir VS Naipaul
(of Indian Descent)
Literature 2001
Venkatraman Ramakrishnan
(of Indian Descent)
Chemistry (Ribosomes) 2009
Kailash Satyarthi (with Malala
Yousafzai of Pakistan)
Peace 2014
Q, R
S
T
U
V
W
X, Y , Z
P
--- PAGE 1264 ---
Ramon Magsaysay Award
• Ramon Magsaysay Award is an annual award given in
memory of former Phillippine President Ramon
Magsaysay. Basic objective of award is to perpetuate the
former President exemplary integrity in governance,
courageous service to the people and ideal
decision-making in democratic society.
• Award is given by Ramon Magsaysay award foundation to
only Asian individuals. Since its inception in 1958, award
were given in six different categories viz Government
service, public service, community leadership, journalis m,
literature and creative communication arts, peace and
international understanding and emergent leadership. But ,
from 2009 onwards awards are given for emergent
leadership or in uncategorised category.
• Vinoba Bhave was first Indian to receive Magsaysay Award.
Pulitzer Prize
• Pulitzer Prize is an award for achievements in newspaper,
magazine and online journalism, literature and musical
composition in the United States.
• It was established in 1917 by provisions in the will of
American (Hungarian-born) Joseph Pulitzer, who had
made his fortune as a newspaper publisher. Award is
administered by Columbia University in New York City.
• The winner in the public service category of the
journalism competition is awarded a gold medal, while
other gets a certificate and US $ 10000 cash award.
Indians Who have Won Pulitzer Prize
Gobind Behari Lal (for reporting) 1937
Jhumpa Lahiri (Interpreter of Maladies) for Fiction 2000
Geeta Anand (for journalism) 2003
Dr Siddhartha Mukherjee (for Non-Fiction)
(The Emperor of all Maladies: A Biography of Cancer)
2011
Vijay Seshadri (Poem) 2014
Man Booker Prize
The name of Booker Prize has been renamed as Man
Booker Prize in 2002, reflecting the sponsorship by an
investment of company, The Man Group PLC. The award is
given each year, it is an international literary award hoste d
in Britain.
Import Facts about Man Booker Prize
Awarded for Best full-length English novel
Presented by Man Group
Country Commonwealth of Nations, Ireland and Zimbabwe
Prize Money 50000 pound
First Awarded 1969
Recent George Saunders for his fiction Lincon in the Bardo
(2017)
Indians Who have Won Winner of Man Booker Prize
VS Naipaul (Novel-In a Free State) 1971
Salman Rushdie (Novel-Midnight Children) 1981
Rohinton Mistry (Such a Long Journey) 1991
Arundhati Roy (Novel-The God of Small Things) 1997
Kiran Desai (Novel-The Inheritance of Loss) 2006
Aravind Adiga (Novel- The White Tiger) 2008
Man Booker International Prize
Man Booker International Prize is an International
Literary Award. Earlier award was given biennially now it
is being given annually. Albanian novelist Ismail Kadare
was named the first winner in 2005. An author can win
this award only once.
Important Facts About this Award
Awarded for Best English (or Available for
Translation into English Fiction)
Presented by Man Group
Country Any Nationality
Cash Award 60000 Pounds
First Awarded 2005
Film, Music and Art Awards
Oscar Award
The Academy Awards informally known as the Oscar, are
a set of awards given annually for excellence in cinematic
achievement. It is organised and overseen by the Academy
of Motion Picture Arts and Science (AMPAS) of United
States.
Important Facts About the Oscar Award
Founder Margaret Hareke on behalf of its first father
Herman Oscar.
Nature of Prize Citation (Academy Award for Merit)
5 Spikes-Designate For Producer, Writer, Director, Actor and
Technician
Some Important Facts Related to Oscar
Only person, who won both Oscar
Prize as well as Nobel Prize
George Bernard Shaw (Ireland)
Titanic (1997), Ben-Hur (1959) and
The Lord of the Rings : The Return
of the King (2003) these three films
have won
11 Oscars
Most nominations for Oscar Walt Disney (59 times),
John Williams (50 times)
Youngest to get Oscar Prize Tatum O Neil (Paper Moon), 10
years
First Posthumously Nominated Actor James Dean (2 Times)
Oldest to get nominated Gloria Stuart (87 years) (Californi a)
First film to win Oscar Wings 1927-28 directed by William
A Wellman, a silent movie
1059GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1265 ---
1060 CDS Pathfinder
Indians Who have Won Oscar Awards
Name Category Year
Bhanu Athaiya Costume Design (Gandhi) (First Indian who won
Oscar)
1982
Satyajit Ray Lifetime Achievement Award 1992
AR Rahman Best original score and best original song
(Slumdog Millionaire)
2009
Gulzar Best original song (Slumdog Millionaire) 2009
Resul Pookutty Best sound mixing (Slumdog Millionaire) 200 9
Rahul Thakkar
(Indian-American)
Dream Works Animation Media Review System
(Sci-Tech. Award)
2016
Cottalango Leon
(Indian-American)
Sony Pictures Image Works (Sci-Tech. Award) 2016
Grammy Awards
A Grammy award or Grammy, is an honor awarded by
the recording academy to recognise outstanding
achievement in the mainly English-language music
industry.
Important Facts About the Grammy Award
Presented by National Academy of Recording Arts and
Sciences of the United States
First Awarded 1959
Categories 108
Award Description The Gold-Plated trophies, each depictin g a
gilded gramophone. They are made and
assembled by hand by Billings Artworks in
Ridgway, Colorado
Indians Who have Won Grammy Award
Name Year
Pandit Ravi Shankar
(5 Grammy Awards)
1967, 1973, 2002, 2013 and Lifetime
Achievement Award received at the 55th Annual
Grammy Awards
Zakir Hussain (2 times) 1992, 2009
Vishwa Mohan Bhatt 1994
Vikku Vinayak 1991
AR Rahman 2009
PA Deepak 2010
Rickey Kej 2015
International Beauty Contest
Miss Universe
Formation 1952, Founded by-California Clothing Company,
Pacific Mills
Headquarters New York City, United States
Slogan Redefined for Today
Indian Winners (a) Sushmita Sen (1994)
(b) Lara Dutta (2000)
Cash prize US $ 70000
Miss World
Formation In 1951, By Eric Morley, UK (It is the oldest
surviving major international beauty pageant)
Headquarters London, England
Offical Language English
Slogan Beauty with a Purpose
Indian Winners (a) Reita Faria (1966) (First Asian Winner)
(b) Aishwarya Rai (1994)
(c) Diana Hayden (1997)
(d) Yukta Mookhey (1999)
(e) Priyanka Chopra (2000)
(f) Manushi Chillar (2017)
Cash prize 50000 British pound
Miss Earth
Motto Beauties for a Cause
Formation In 2001
Headquarters Philippines
Indian Winner (2010) Nicole Faria
Miss India
Formation 1963, Organised by Femina, a women’s magazine
published by Bennett, Coleman and Company
Limited
Headquarters Mumbai, India
INDIAN AWARDS AND
HONOURS
India’s International Awards
International Gandhi Peace Prize
• It was instituted in 1995 by Government of India to
encourage and promote Gandhian values world wide.
• The award carries ` 10 million in cash, convertible in
any currency in the world, a plaque and citation. It is
open to all persons regardless of nationality, race, creed
or sex.
• The Peace Prize is awarded annually by the Government
of India. The Award is given to individual and
institutions for their contribution towards social,
economic and political transformation through
non-violence and other Gandhian methods.
• The Jury consists of Prime Minister of India, Leader of
opposition in the Lok Sabha, Chief Justice of India and
two other eminent personalities.
• In 2014, ISRO was awarded International Gandhi Peace
Prize.
Indira Gandhi Prize
• It is also known as Indira Gandhi Peace Prize or the
Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and
Development. It was instituted in 1986 and awarded by
Indira Gandhi Memorial Trust.
--- PAGE 1266 ---
• The prize carries a cash award of ` 25 lakhs
Indian rupees and a citation. A written work
in order, to be eligible for consideration,
should have been published.
Kalinga Prize
Award is given for popularisation of science by
UNESCO. Award was established in 1952 by
Kalinga Foundation Biju-Patnaik.
Jawaharlal Nehru Award for
International Understanding
Jawaharlal Nehru award for International
understanding was instituted by the Government
of India in the memory of India’s first Prime
Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. It is open to the
citizens and institutions of all countries who
have made an outstanding contribution to the
promotion of International understanding,
goodwill and friendship among people of the
world.
Rabindranath Tagore Peace
Award
The Tagore award is an award given in
commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary
of the nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore for
cultural harmony. Established in 2011 by
Government of India, it is given for outstanding
achievement in fostering harmony and
universalism and values of cultural harmony
especially in conflict or extreme situations
through innovative systems/strategies and which
have an enduring and transformational impact.
NATIONAL AWARDS
Bharat Ratna
• Bharat Ratna is India’s highest Civilian
Award. It was first awarded in 1954. The
actual award is designed in the shape of a
Peepal leaf with Bharat Ratna inscribed in
Devanagari script in the Sun Figure.
• The reverse side of the decoration Satyamev
Jayate has been written in Hindi with an
inscription of state emblem. The emblem, the
Sun and the rim are of platinum. The
inscriptions are in burnished bronze.
• The first recipients of the Bharat Ratna were
politician C Rajagopalachari, Philosopher
Sarvapalli Radha Krishnan and Scientist CV
Raman who were honoured in 1954.
• Abdul Gaffar Khan was the first foreigner to
be honoured with this award in 1987.
Winners of Bharat Ratna
1954 Dr Chandra Sekhar Venkat Raman, Dr Sarvepalli Radhakri shnan,
Shri Chakravarti Rajagopalachari
1955 Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Dr Mokshagundam Visvesvaray a, Dr Bhagwan Das
1957 Pandit Govind Ballabh Pant
1958 Dr Dhondo Keshav Karve
1961 Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy, Shri Purushottam Das Tandon
1962 Dr Rajendra Prasad
1963 Dr Zakir Hussain, Dr Pandurang Vaman Kane
1966 Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri ( Posthumously)
1971 Smt Indira Gandhi
1975 Shri Varahagiri Venkata Giri
1976 Shri Kumaraswamy Kamraj ( Posthumously)
1980 Mother Teresa
1983 Shri Acharya Vinoba Bhave ( Posthumously)
1987 Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan ( First Foreign Recipient )
1988 Shri Marudur Gopalan Ramachandran ( Posthumously)
1990 Dr Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, Dr Bhimrao Ramji Ambedka r (Posthumously)
1991 Shri Rajiv Gandhi ( Posthumously), Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel ( Posthumously),
Shri Morarji Ranchhodji Desai
1992 Shri Maulana Abul Kalam Azad ( Posthumously),
Shri Satyajit Ray, Shri Jehangir Ratanji Dadabhai Tata
1997 Dr APJ Abdul Kalam, Smt Aruna Asaf Ali ( Posthumously), Shri Gulzari Lal Nanda
1998 Smt MS Subbulakshmi, Shri Chidambaram Subramaniam
1999 Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi ( Posthumously), Professor Amartya Sen,
Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan (Posthumously), Pandit Ravi Shankar
2001 Ustad Bismillah Khan, Lata Dinanath Mangeshkar
2009 Pandit Bhimsen Gururaj Joshi
2014 Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar, CNR Rao
2015 Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Madan Mohan Malaviya (Posthumou sly)
Padma Awards
Padma Vibhushan
It is the second highest Civilian Award after Bharat Ratna an d is
awarded by the President of India. It was established on 2nd J anuary,
1954. The first recipients of this award were Satyendranath Bose,
Nand Lal Bose, Zakir Hussain, VK Krishna Menon etc.
Padma Bhushan
The award was established on 2nd January, 1954. This is the th ird
highest Civilian Award after Bharat Ratna and Padma Vibhush an. It
is announced on the occasion of Republic Day every year. Shiv am
Shetty Manohar was the youngest to have achieved this award. Shanti
Swarup Bhatnagar and MS Subbulakshmi were among the first
recipients of this award.
Padma Shri
This is the fourth highest Civilian Award after Bharat Ratna , Padma
Vibhushan and Padma Bhushan. It is awarded irrespective cit izenship
to recognise their distinguished contribution in various s pheres of
activities including the arts, education, industry, liter ature, science,
sports, medicine, social service and public affairs.
1061GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1267 ---
1062 CDS Pathfinder
Valour Awards
Param Vir Chakra, Maha Vir Chakra and Vir Chakra are
awarded for the highest degree of valour or self-sacrifice
in the presence of enemy. These are awarded by
Government of India. All these awards were established
on 26th January, 1950.
Param Vir Chakra (PVC) It is India’s highest military
decoration, awards for the highest degree of valour or
self-sacrifice in the presence of the enemy. Medal is a
circular bronze disc of 1.375 inches in diameter and
purple ribbon holds it.
In the centre of medal emblem of India is made on a
crafted circle and outside the circle replica of vajra is
in four direction and other side Param Vir Chakra
was written in Hindi and English and it was separated
by lotus. Major Somnath Sharma was first army man
to receive this honour.
Maha Vir Chakra (MVC) It is the second highest
military decoration in India and is awarded for acts of
conspicuous gallantry in the presence of the enemy,
whether on land, at sea or in the air. It may be
awarded posthumously.
The words Maha Vir Chakra are embossed in Hindi
and English on the reverse with two lotus flowers in
the middle. The decoration is worn on the left chest
with a half-white and half-orange ribbon about 3.2
cm in width, the orange being near the left shoulder.
Lt Col Dewan Ranjit Rai was first army man to won
Mahavir Chakra.
Vir Chakra It is an Indian gallantary award presented
for acts of bravery in the battlefield. It is third in
precedence in the war time gallantary awards and
comes after the Param Vir Chakra and Maha Vir
Chakra.
Peace Time Gallantry Awards
These awards include Ashoka Chakra, Kirti Chakra and
Shaurya Chakra. These are Indian military decoration
awarded for valour, courageous action or self sacrifice away
from the battlefield. These awards are given by Government
of India and was established on 4th January, 1952.
Award Year of Institution Awarded by Awarded for
Ashoka
Chakra
4th January, 1952
with effect-from
15th August, 1947
Government
of India
National bravery away
from battle field
Kirti
Chakra
4th January, 1952
with effect-from
15th August, 1947
Government
of India
National bravery away
from battle field
Shaurya
Chakra
4th January, 1952
with effect-from
15th August, 1947
Government
of India
National bravery
generally for counter
insurgency operations
and action against the
enemy during peace
time
All the three awards are also given posthumously.
Other Military Awards
Category Award
Wartime/Peacetime Service and
Gallantry
Sena Medal (Army), Nao Sena Medal
(Navy), Vayusena Medal (Air Force)
Wartime Distinguished Service Sarvottam Yudh Seva Medal, U ttam Yudh
Seva Medal, Yudh Seva Medal
Peacetime Distinguished Service Param Vishisht Seva Medal , Ati Vishisht
Seva Medal, Vishisht Seva Medal
National Bravery Award
• It was started in 1957 by Indian Council for child welfare
to recognise and honour children who have performed
outstanding deeds of bravery and self-sacrifice.
• Awards are given to children below age of 18 years.
Awards are announced on 14th November (Childrens’
day) and presented by Prime Minister on eve of Republic
day. The awardees received a medal, certificate and cash.
Literary and Cultural Awards
Bharatiya Jnanpith Award The Jnanpith Award is an
Indian literary award presented annually by the
Bharatiya Jnanpith Trust to an author for their
outstanding contribution towards literature.
Instituted in 1961, the award is bestowed only on the
Indian writers who have been writing in Indian
languages, included in the Eighth Schedule to the
Constitution of India and in English. As of 2015, the
cash prize has been revised to 11 lakh with a bronze
replica of Saraswati. G Shankara Kurup was the first
recipient in 1965.
Sahitya Akademi Awards It started in 1954. These
awards are conferred by government to the most
outstanding literary work published in language
recognised by Constitution, English and Rajasthani.
Saraswati Samman Award The Saraswati Samman is an
annual award for outstanding prose or poetry literary
works in any 22 Indian languages listed in Schedule
Eight of the Constitution of India. The award was
instituted in 1991 by the KK Birla Foundation. It
consists of ` 10 lakh, a citation and a plaque. The first
recipient of this award was Harivansh Rai Bachchan.
Moorti Devi Award It is an annual literary award
presented by the Bharatiya Jnanpith Trust/organisation
for work which emphasises Indian philosophy and
culture. The prize includes an amount of ` 4 lakh, a
plague a statue of saraswati, and a shawl. C.K. Nagaraja
Rao was first recipient in 1983 for his Kannada
language work Pattamahadevi Shantala Devi.
--- PAGE 1268 ---
Science Award
Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize of Science and Technology Award
presented by CSIR for notable and outstanding research in fi eld of
basic science, engineering, medicine and mathematics. Thi s awards was
established in 1958.
Borlaug Award This award is conferred to eminent Indian scientist for
his/her contribution in the field of agriculture and enviro nment.
Award was created in 1972 and is conferred by fertilizer comp any,
Coromandel International.
Dr Vikram Sarabhai Award This award is conferred by Gujarat Council
of Science and Technology to promote and encourage research in the
field of Energy, Environment, Biotechnology, Industry and IT. Indian
Science Congress also gives it for contribution to space res earch.
Dr BC Roy Award This award was instituted by the Medical Council of
India in 1976. It is given in the field of medicine and relate f ield of
social service.
RD Birla Award This award is established by RD Birla foundation in
1979. Award is conferred for outstanding work in the field of medicine.
Kurien Prize This award is given by National Dairy Research
Organisation for outstanding contribution in development of dairy and
farming product.
Homi Bhabha Award This award is conferred by Government of India
for Excellence in the field of atomic energy.
Environment Awards
Awards and Honour Estab. Foundation/Organisation Special isation
Indira Priyadarshini
Vrikshamitra Puraskar
( ` 2.5 lakh +Medal +
Citation)
1986 Ministry of Environment and
Forests (Government of
India)
For excellence in the
afforestation and wasteland
development
Indira Gandhi Paryavaran
Puraskar
( ` 1 lakh +Citation+
Silver medal)
1987 Ministry of Environment and
Forests (Government of
India)
For significant contribution in
the field of environment
Rajiv Gandhi Quality
Award
1991 BIS (Bureau of Indian
Standards)
To control quality in the
industries
Rajiv Gandhi Environment
Award for clean
Technology
(` 2 lakh + Trophy +
Citation)
1993 Ministry of Environment and
Forests (Government of
India)
For significant contribution in
the field of environment,
which have measurable
impact on the protection/
overall improvement of the
environment
Amrita Devi Bishnoi
Wildlife Protection Award
( ` 1 lakh+ Medallion+
Citation)
— Ministry of Environment and
Forests
Given to individual/institution
pertaining to rural community
for significant role in the field
of protection of wildlife
Medini Puraskar
( ` 15000 to 31000)
— Ministry of Environment and
Forests
Given to authors each year to
encourage original works in
Hindi on environment and its
related subjects such as
wildlife water resources
conservation
Rajiv Gandhi Wildlife
Conservation Award
( ` 1 lakh + Medallion +
Trophy + Citation)
— Ministry of Environment and
Forests
Given to individual/institution
for significant role in the field
of wildlife protection
National Award for
Pollution Control
— Ministry of Environment and
Forests
For adopting various
pollution control measures
Sports Award
Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award It is
India’s highest honour given for
achievement in sports. It is awarded
by Government of India, since
1991-92.
It recognises the spectacular and most
outstanding performance by a sports
person over a period of 4 years
immediately preceding the year during
which award is given.
First Khel Ratna award was given to
Viswanathan Anand in 1991. In 2016,
the award was given jointly to PV
Sindhu, Sakshi Malik, Dipu Karmakar
and Jitu Rai.
Arjuna Award Instituted in 1961.
Carries a cash prize of ` 500000, a
bronze statuette of Arjuna and a
scroll. The Arjuna awards are given
by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and
Sports, Government of India to
recognise outstanding achievement in
National sports.
Dronacharya Award Dronacharya
Award is an award presented by the
Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports,
Government of India for excellence in
sports coaching.
The award comprises a bronze
statuette of Dronacharya, a scroll of
honour and a cash component of `
700000 (seven lakhs). The award was
instituted in 1985. BI Fernandez
(Cuba) is the first foreign coach to be
awarded Dronacharya Award.
Dhyanchand Award Instituted in 2002,
in honour of famous hockey player,
Major Dhyanchand. Carries a cash
prize of ` 500000. Dhyanchand Award
is India’s highest award for lifetime
achievement in sports and games,
given by the Ministry of Youth
Affairs and Sports.
Rashtriya Khel Protsahan Puruskar It
was introduced in 2009 to promote
involvement of corporates and
institutional boards in sports.
Maulana Abul Kalam Azad (MAKA)
Trophy Instituted in 1956-57. It is
given to top performer of inter-state
university tournament. It is a rolling
trophy.
1063GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1269 ---
1064 CDS Pathfinder
Some Famous Awards by State Governments
Award Awarded/
Instituted by Field of Honour
Mahatma Gandhi
Award
Madhya Pradesh
Government
To an institution
working according
to Gandhi
philosophy and
ideology
Tansen Award Madhya Pradesh
Government
Indian classical
music
Kalidas Award Madhya Pradesh
Government
Classical dance and
music, theatre,
painting and
sculpture
Tulsidas Award Madhya Pradesh
Government
Folk and traditional
tribal art (only for
male artist)
Lata Mangeshkar
Award
Madhya Pradesh
Government
For music direction
and playback
singing in field of
light music
Santhala Dance
Award
Karnataka Government Santhal dance (a
tribal dance form)
Konark Samman Odisha State Council
of Culture
Literature, art
sculpture, music,
dance and
socio-cultural work
Film Awards
National Film Awards
It is administered by the Directorate of Film
Festivals. Every year the award ceremony
organised is in New Delhi and President of India
presents the awards. It started from the year 1954.
Dada Saheb Phalke Award
Dada Saheb Phalke award is given to film
personality for his/her outstanding contribution to
the growth and development of Indian cinema.
This award was introduced by Government of
India in 1969 and award comprises of ` 1000000
(a cash prize), Swarna Kamal and a Shawl. Devika
Rani Roerich was the first person to receive this
award.
Filmfare Awards
The filmfare awards are presented annually by the
Times Group to honour both artistic and technical
excellence of professionals in the Hindi language
film industry of India. The filmfare ceremony is
one of the oldest film events in India. The awards
were first introduced in 1954. The 61st Filmfare
awards were held on 15th January, 2016 at the
Prince Ahuja Studio in Mumbai.
SPORTS
Olympics
• First time the olympics were held in 776 BC on Mount
Olympus. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) was
founded in 1894 in Paris. It acts as the umbrella organisatio n of
the olympic. Its headquarter is at Lausanne (Switzerland).
Olympic symbol contains five rings as circles representing the
five continents.
• First game under the auspices of IOC was held in 1896 in
Athens. Separate winter olympic started in 1924 and first
paralympics was held in 1960.
• Youth olympic game meant for 14-18 year age of player was
held for first time in Singapore 2010.
List of Indian Athletes who have Won Olymic Medals
Name/Team Medal Years, Venue Sport Event
National team Gold 1928,
Amsterdam
Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1932,
Los Angeles
Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1936, Berlin Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1948, London Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1952, Helsinki Hockey Men’s competition
Khashaba
Dadasaheb
Jadhav
Bronze 1952, Helsinki Wrestling Men’s freestyle Bantamwei ght
National team Gold 1956,
Melbourne
Hockey Men’s competition
National team Silver 1960, Rome Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1964, Tokyo Hockey Men’s competition
National team Bronze 1968, Mexico Hockey Men’s competition
National team Bronze 1972, Munich Hockey Men’s competition
National team Gold 1980, Moscow Hockey Men’s competition
Leander Paes Bronze 1996, Atlanta Tennis Men’s singles
Karnam
Malleswari
Bronze 2000, Sydney Weightlifting Women’s 69 kg
Rajyavardhan
Singh Rathore
Silver 2004, Athens Shooting Men’s double trap
Abhinav Bindra Gold 2008, Beijing Shooting Men’s 10 m Air Rif le
Vijender Singh Bronze 2008, Beijing Boxing Men’s 75 kg
Sushil Kumar Bronze 2008, Beijing Wrestling Men’s 66 kg Free style
Gagan Narang Bronze 2012, London Shooting Men’s 10m Air Rifl e
Vijay Kumar Silver 2012, London Shooting Men’s 25 Rapid Fire Pistol
Saina Nehwal Bronze 2012, London Badminton Women’s Singles
Mary Kom Bronze 2012, London Boxing Women’s Flyweight
Yogeshwar Dutt Bronze 2012, London Wrestling Men’s 60 kg Fre estyle
Sushil Kumar Silver 2012, London Wrestling Men’s 66 kg Frees tyle
Sakshi Malik Bronze 2016, Rio Wrestling Women’s 58 kg Freest yle
Sindhu PV Silver 2016, Rio Badminton Women’s Singles
--- PAGE 1270 ---
Paralympics
It is a multi-sport event for differently abled athletes or
players. Paralympic games are organised at a same venue afte r
the olympic games. It is organised by International
para-olympic committee. Offically games were organised in
1960, but unoffically it was being organised since, 1948.
In 2016 paralympics, India won 2 gold, 1 silver, 1 bronze and
overall it was on 43rd place in medals tally. Mariyappan
Thangovelu and Devendra Jhajharia won gold in high jump
and Javelion Throw respectively. While Deepa Malik got
silver in shotput and Varun Bhati won Bronze for high jump.
Commonwealth Games
First Commonwealth games were held in 1930 in Hamilton,
Canada. In 2010, Commonwealth games were held in Delhi.
20th Commonwealth Games of 2014 was held in Glasgow,
Scotland and next Commonwealth games will be held in
Australia in 2018. Currently, 71 nations and territories
participate in these games.
Asian Games
It is also known as Asiad. It is a pan continental multi-sport
event organised after every 4 years. Athlete from all over th e
Asia participates in it. It was organised for first time in 19 51
at New Delhi.
Asian games are organised by Olympic Council of Asia.
These games are described as the second largest multi-sport
event after the olympics. In 2014, games were held in
Incheon, South Korea. The next games is scheduled to be held
in Jakarta and Palembang, Indonesia in 2018.
Other Games
Cricket
India played its first match against England in 1932 and won
its first match also against England in 1952. First overseas test
victory for India in cricket was against New Zealand under
captaincy of MAK Pataudi.
India has played its 500th test match against New Zealand at
Kanpur in 2016.
Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar hold record for maximum
number of runs in test and one-day internationals and he also
holds record for maximum number of centuries.
Maximum number of wickets have been taken by
Sri Lankan cricketer Murlidharan. Australia has won
maximum number of matches in cricket.
Two Indian cricketer have been awarded Rajiv Gandhi
Khel Ratna Award– Sachin Tendulkar and MS Dhoni.
Cricket World Cup is held every four years since, 1975.
The event is organised by the International Cricket
Council (ICC). First World Cup was held in England
and it was won by West Indies.
List of Cricket World Cup
1975 Lord’s, England West Indies beat Australia
1979 Lord’s, England West Indies beat England
1983 Lord’s, England India beat West Indies
1987 Kolkata, India Australia beat England
1992 Melbourne, (Australia) Pakistan beat England
1996 Lahore, Pakistan Sri Lanka beat Australia
1999 Lord’s, England Australia beat Pakistan
2003 Johannesburg, South Africa Australia beat India
2007 Bridgetown, West Indies Australia beat Sri Lanka
2011 Mumbai, India India beat Sri Lanka
2015 Australia/New Zealand Australia beat New Zealand
2019 England and Wales Scheduled
T-20 World Cup
It is organised by the International Cricket Council
(ICC) every two years. It was first started in 2007. This
inaugural event was staged in South Africa and won by
India after defeating Pakistan. The 2016 edition was
won by West Indies after defeating England.
Women’s Cricket World Cup
The Women’s Cricket World Cup is the oldest and
prestigious international women’s cricket tournament,
organised by ICC. It was first played in 1973 at
England. The 2017 World Cup, scheduled in England
has been won by England women cricket team and it is
their 4th title. Australia has won most of the time (6
titles). The next 2021 has scheduled in New Zealand.
Football
The Football World Cup is organised by FIFA
(Federation of International Football Association). The
headquarters of FIFA is located in Zurich, Switzerland.
The World Cup is also called ‘Jules Rimet Cup’ named
after the name of FIFA President Jules Rimet. The first
Football World Cup was organised in Uruguay in 1930
and it was won by Urugway. 2018 Football World Cup
will be held in Russia.
1065GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1271 ---
1066 CDS Pathfinder
Some Facts
• Women’s Football World Cup is also organised by FIFA. It
was held for first time in 1991 in China. USA has won
maximum numbmer of title (3 times).
• Brazil was the host of 2014 Football World Cup. Germany
was the winner and Argentina became the runner-up. Brazil
has won maximum number of times world cup in football
i.e. 5 times.
• Germany’s Miroslav Klose holds record for maximum
number of goals in World Cup followed by Pele (Brazil)
and Jurgen Klinsmann.
• Euro Cup is played between the European countries.
Recent addition 2016 of Euro Cup was held in France in
2016 and winner of that edition was Portugal.
• Brazil won olympic gold medal in men’s and Germany won
gold medal in women’s format in 2016 olympic games.
• India Super Leage (ISL), a men’s professional football
league in India. Currently, it is not part of Indian football
pyramid.
Hockey
The Hockey World Cup is organised by the International
Hockey Federation (FIH) once in four years. The headquarters
of FIH is located in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Some Facts
• The first Hockey World Cup was organised in Barcelona
(Spain) in 1971 and winner was Pakistan.
• Women’s Hockey World Cup has been held since, 1974.
• The 13th Hockey World Cup was held in Hague
(Netherlands) in 2014 and its winner was Australia.
• In 2010, Hockey World Cup was held in New Delhi and
winner was Australia.
• India has won Hockey World Cup only once i.e. in the
year 1975. India has also won Sultan Aslam Shah Cup 5
times.
• Argentina has won gold medal for hockey in Rio olympics
2016.
• Hockey India League (HIL) is professional field hockey
league in India.
Lawn Tennis
• It was invented in 1870 by Major Wing Field in Wales.
Wimbledon championship started in 1877 for men only.
For women it was introduced in 1884. India first time
participated in Davis Cup in 1921.
• Leander Paes has won maximum number of grand slams
from India in mixed doubles and doubles.
• Sania Mirza has won her first double grandslam in
Wimbledon, 2015.
• Leander Paes hold record for maximum wins in Davis Cup
for India.
Grand Slam T ournaments
Tournament Month Location Surface First
Held
Australian Open January Melbourne Hard
(Plexicushion)
1905
French Open May-June Paris Clay 1925
Wimbledon June-July London Grass 1877
US Open August-
September
New York
City
Hard
(Deco Turf)
1881
Boxing
• It is regular feature in olympics and commonwealth
games, and along with these it has its own world
championship.
• Mary Kom is only Indian to have won medal in every
edition of world championship and she has won
Bronze in olympics 2012.
• Vijendra Singh famous boxer of India has won bronze
medal in Bejing olympics and in world championship.
He was India’s first boxer to win a medal in olympics.
Wrestling
• It features in olympic, commonwealth and it has its
own world championship.
• Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav is first Indian to won
medal in olympic in wrestling. He won bronze in 1952
in Helsinki.
• Sushil Kumar is most successful wrestler from India.
He has won two Olympic Medal (2008, 2012), World
Championship (2010), two golds at commonwealth
(2010, 2014) and many Asian championship.
Badminton
• It is played in olympics, commonwealth games and it
has its own championship. It was first played in
olympics in 1992.
• Saina Nehwal is the first Indian to win a olympic
medal in badminton from India. She won bronze
medal in London olympics. Saina Nehwal held rank-I
in 2015 and she is also recipient of Rajiv Gandhi Khel
Ratna Award, Arjun Award and Padma Shri.
• PV Sindhu (rank-II in 2017) won silver medal in Rio
olympics. She is youngest Indian to receive Padma
Shri.
• Srikanth Kidambi is Indian shuttler with rank-II in
2017. By defeating China’s olympic Champion Lin
Dan in 2014, he won China Open Super Series
premier. He is first Indian to win this title.
• Primer/Indian Badminton League started in year 2013,
in 2016 its 2nd season was held and winner of 2nd
season was Delhi Acers.
--- PAGE 1272 ---
Kabaddi
• The game of Kabaddi originated in India. The modern
form of Kabaddi came up in 1920. All India Kabaddi
Federation (AIKF) was formed in 1950.
• The game was included in the Asian Games of 1982. Men’s
Kabaddi World Cup has been held in 2004, 2007, 2010,
2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, and India has won all of them.
• Most of times, India has won the Kabaddi World Cup.
Chess
• The Federation Internationale Des Echecs (FIDE) or
World Chess Federation is governing body of
international chess competition. FIDE administers the
world championship.
• It is believed that origin of chess is traced in North-West
India, during Gupta period. won. India has got two very
top rankers and world renowned chess player viz
Viswanathan Anand who is world No. 2 and Koneru
Humpy is female world No. 3.
Shooting
• Shooting is regular feature in olympics since its inception
and for first time its world championship was held in
1897. Shooting is governed by International Shooting
Sports Federation.
• Indian players have consistently won accolades in
shooting either be it olympics, commonwealth or world
championship. India’s first individual gold in olympics
has been won through shooting. Abhinav Bindra won
gold in mens 10 m Air Rifle in 2008 Beijing olympics.
Billiards
Billiards started in England in 16th century. It is of two typ es
- 8 ball billiards and 9 ball billiards. Geet Sethi and Pankaj
Advani are two very famous players of billiards in India.
Golf
• The modern game of Golf originated in 15th century in
Scotland. The rules of Golf were compiled by the
Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers.
• The Open Championship, which is world’s oldest golf
tournament in existence, was first played on 17th
October, 1860, at Ayrshire, Scotland. It was included in
Delhi Asiad in 1982.
• The Masters is one of the most prestigious professional
golf tournaments, held every April in Georgia. Willie
Park Sr. was the first person to win any Golf Open
Championship major in 1860.
Polo
• Sometimes called The Sport of Kings , polo was
started by the Persians. The modern game of polo,
originated in Manipur.
• The first Polo Club was established in the town of
Silchar in Assam, India in 1833. It reached England in
1869.
• The first international polo match was played in 1886,
between England and USA. Federation of International
Polo is the highest governing body, established in 1930
and its headquarters is in Beverly Hills, USA.
Important Cups and Trophies
Sport Cup and Trophy
Cricket Irani Trophy, Dilip Trophy, Ranji Trophy, Vizzy Trophy, Asi a
Cup, Deodhar Trophy, CK Naidu Trophy, Cooch-Behar
Trophy
Football Durand Cup, Nizam Gold Cup, Rovers Cup, Sanjay Gold
Cup, Santosh Trophy, Subroto Mukherjee Cup, Vittal
Trophy, Nehru Gold Cup
Hockey Agha Khan Cup, Azlan Shah Cup, Nehru Trophy,
Dhyanchand Trophy, Beighton Cup, Scindia Gold Cup,
Modi Gold Cup, Indira Gandhi Gold Cup, Rangaswami
Cup, Khan Abdul Gaffar Cup
Golf Canada Cup, Muthian Gold Cup, Ryder Cup, Walker Cup
Table Tennis Corbillion Cup (women), Jayalaxmi Cup (women) , Swaythling
Cup (men)
Lawn Tennis Davis Cup, Hamlet Cup, Australian Open, French O pen,
Wimbledon, US Open
Badminton Thomas Cup (men), Uber Cup (women), Narang Cup
Boxing Aspy Adjania Trophy
Rowing Wollington Trophy
Bridge Ruia Trophy
Polo Ezra Cup, Winchestor Cup, Radha Mohan Cup
/c238Anthony De Mello trophy is associated with the test cricket
series□played□between□England□and□India.
Specific Names of Playing Areas
Sport Name of
Playing Area Sport Name of
Playing Area
Badminton Court Golf Link, Green**
Baseball Diamond Lawn Tennis Court
Boxing Ring Ice Skating Rink
Cricket Pitch* Wrestling Ring, Arena
* Pitch in fact is the space between the wickets and not
the entire cricket field.
** It is the area around the hole only.
1067GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1273 ---
1068 CDS Pathfinder
Important Sport T erms
Sport Terms
Basketball Dunk, front court, lay up, held ball, pivot, rebo und, steal
Cricket Bye, draw, googly, topspin, over throw, duck, hit wi cket
Football Bend dribble, dissent, dummy, feint, free kick, he ader,
throwins
Hockey Bully, striking, circle, post back
Chess Castle, diagonaes, files, pawns, peices, promote, ga mbit
Boxing Jab, laying on knock, second out habbit punch, upper c ut
Badminton Loab, let, drive, drop, love
Polo Chuker, bunker
Baseball Diamond, home run, put out, strike, ant-rubber.
Rifle Shooting Target, muzzle fulb, bulls eye
Wrestling Half, nelson, hold sager, rebuts
Golf Fore some, stymie, T, put hole, caddy, nib lick, iron, th e
green, bunkeer
Billiards Jigger, pot, break pot, in off, cans, bolting, lon g, hazard, cue
Swimming Breast stroke, twist, butterfly, crawl, spring bo ard
Volley Ball Antennae, attack hit, libero, service, set-up, blocking,
dribbling
Lawn Tennis Advantage, ace, dence, volley, foot foult, smas h,
grand-slam, slice, love
Table Tennis End line, flat hit, foil, service, penholder gr ip, reverse,
top-spin, couter-hitting, let
Famous Sports Stadiums/Venues
Stadium Sports Place
Brookland Football England (UK)
Twickenham Rugby Football England (UK)
Putney Mart Lake Boat Race England (UK)
Yankee Stadium Boxing New York (USA)
Brooklyn Baseball New York (USA)
Forest Hill Tennis USA
Sendy Lodge Golf Scotland
Flemington Horse Racing Melbourne (Australia)
Headingley Manchester Cricket England (UK)
Lords, Oval, Leeds Cricket England (UK)
Black Heath Rugby Football London (UK)
Circuit de Monaco Racing Track Monte Carlo
Augusta National Golf Club Golf Clubs Augusta (Georgia)
Estadio Azteca Football Santa Ursula Mexico
Camp Nou Football Barcelona, Spain
Wimbledon Lawn Tennis London (UK)
Wembley Stadium Football London (UK)
Shivaji Stadium Hockey Delhi
Stadium Sports Place
Dhyan Chand National
Stadium
Hockey Delhi
Wankhede Stadium Cricket Mumbai
Brabourne Stadium Cricket Mumbai
Eden Garden Cricket Kolkata
Green Park Stadium Cricket Kanpur
Keenan Stadium Cricket Jamshedpur
Trent Bridge Cricket England (UK)
White City Dog race England (UK)
Hurlington Polo England (UK)
Henlay Regatta Regata England
Brisbance, Melbourne,
Perth, Sydney
Cricket Australia
Indraprastha Stadium Indoor Games Delhi
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Athletics Delhi
Ferozeshah Kotla Ground Cricket Delhi
Ambedkar Stadium Football Delhi
Nehru, Chepauk Stadium Cricket Chennai
Barabati Stadium Cricket Cuttack
Aintree, Doncaster Epsom Horse Racing England (UK)
Players and their Associated Games
Players Game Country
Jhansher Khan Squash Pakistan
Jaspal Rana Shooting India
Geet Sethi Billiards India
Ian James Thorpe Swimming Australia
Anju B George Long Jump India
Michael J Jordan Basket Ball USA
Pankaj Arjan Advani Snooker India
Saina Nehwal Badminton India
Surya Sekhar Ganguly Chess India
Shikha Tandon Swimming India
Ignace Tirkey Hockey India
Soma Biswas Athletics India
Arjun Singh Atwal Golf India
Narayan Karthikeyan Formula One India
Tiger Woods Golf USA
Andi Murray Tennis Scotland
Kim Clijster Tennis Belgium
Caroline Wozniaciki Tennis Den Mark
Victoria Anzarenka Tennis Belarush
Sania Mirza Tennis India
--- PAGE 1274 ---
Nickname of Players
Player Nickname
Major Dhyanchand Hockey ka Jadoogar
Milkha Singh Flying Sikh
PT Usha Payyoli Express, Golden Girl
Shoaib Aktar Rawalpindi Express
Rahul Dravid The Wall
Harbhajan Singh Bhajji, The Turbanator
Javagal Srinath Mysore Express
Paes and Bhupati Indian Express
National Sports
Country National Sport Country National
Sport
Australia Cricket Japan Sumo
Canada Lacrose (Ice Hockey) Malaysia Badminton
China Table Tennis Scotland Ring by
Football
England Cricket Spain Bull Fighting
India Hockey USA Baseball
Players and their Books
Player Book
Balvir Singh Golden Hatrick
Viswanathan Anand My Best Game of Chess
David Beckham My Side
Major Dhyanchand Goal
Sunil Gavaskar Sunny Days, Idols
Tiger Woods How I Play Golf
Kapil Dev Cricket My Style, Straight
from the Heart
Sachin Tendulkar Playing It My Way
Yuvraj Singh The Test of My Life
Brian Lara Beating the Field
Controversilly Yours Shoaib Akhtar
Number of Players in Different Sport
Sport Players Sport Players
Badminton 1 or 2 Rugby
Football
15
Baseball 9 Kabaddi 7
Basketball 5 Hockey 11
Bridge 2 Polo 4
Carrom 1 or 2 Tennis 1 or 2
Cricket 11 Volleyball 6
Chess 1 Water Polo 7
Football 11
Names of National Players
Sport Players
Badminton Sayyed Modi, Nandu Natekar, Aparna Popah, Saina N ehwal, Prakash
Padukone, Dipankar Bhattacharya, PV Sindhu, Jwala Gutta,
Gopichand, P Kashyap.
Boxing Mary Kom, Dingko Singh, Shiva Thapa, Vijendra Singh, Manoj Kumar.
Archery Atanu Das, Deepika Kumari, Lakshmirani Majhi, Bomb ayala Devi
Laishram.
Athletes Dipa Karmakar, Dutee Chand, Indrajeet Singh, Tint u Luka, Lalita
Babar, Gurmeet Singh, Ashwini Akkunji, Vikas Gowda, Jisna M athew.
Cricket Sunil Gavaskar, Kapil Dev, Dilip Vengsarkar, Sachi n Tendulkar, Virat
Kohli, MS Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Saurav Ganguly.
Car Racing Narain Karthikeyan, Armaan Ebrahim, Karun Chand hok.
Squash Cyrus Poncha, Ritwik Bhattacharya, Saurav Ghosal, J oshna
Chinappa, Dipika, Pallikal Karthik.
Table Tennis Chetan Baboor, Poulomi Ghatak, Mouma Das.
Swimming Mihir Sen, Bula Choudhary, Sajan Prakash, Shivani Kataria.
Shooting Abhinav Bindra, Gagan Narang, Manvjit Singh Sandh u, Anjali
Bhagwat, Gurpreet Singh, Henna, Siddhu, Mairaj Ahmed Khan, Apurvi
Chandela, Jitu Rai, Chain Singh, Prakash Nanjappa, Ayonika Paul.
Golf Arjun Atwal, Jyoti Randhawa, Jeev Milkha Singh
Billiards and
Snooker
Pankaj Advani, Ashok Shandilya.
Hockey Sardara Singh, Sushila Chanu, Rupinder Pal Singh, Dh yanchand
Singh, Dhanraj Pillai, Rani Devi, Pargat Singh, Jaspal Sing h.
Chess Aman Sharma, SL Narayanan, Vishwanathan Anand, Padmi ni Rout,
Anish Giri, Pendayala Hari Krishna, Krishna Shashi Kiran.
Football Sandesh Jhingan, Subrata Pal, Sunil Chettri, Jeje Lalpekhlua
Lawn Tennis Leander Paes, Anand Amritraj, Mahesh Bhupathi, Sania Mirza,
Somdev Debvarman, Rohan Bopanna.
Weight Lifting Saikhom Mirabai Chanu, Sudhir Kumar Chitrad urga.
Wrestling Narsingh Pancham Yadav, Yogeshwar Dutt, Babita K umari, Sushil
Kumar, Sakshi Malik, Praveen Rana, Ravindra Khatri, Satish Shiv
lengim
Names of International Players
Sport Players
Badminton Carolina Marin (Spain), Lin Dan (China), Lee Chong Wei (Malaysia).
Football Lionel Messi (Argentina), Pele (Brazil), David Beckham (Britain),
Nehma (Brazil), Diago Mardona (Argentina).
Hockey Peter Kelly (Australia), Juan Martin Lopez (Argentina), Mathew Philips
(Britain), Rehan Butt (Pakistan), Matias Vila (Argentina), Sukhvinder
Singh Gabbar (Canada).
Cricket Ricky Ponting (Australia), AB De Villers (South Africa) , Mohammed
Hafeez (Pakistan), Dwayne Bravo (West Indies), James Peter Faulkner
(Australia).
Table Tennis Ma Long (China), Timo Boll (Germany), Li Xiaoxia (China), Jun
Mizutani (Japan), Dimitij Ovtcharov (Ukraine).
Car Racing Michael Schumacher (Germany), Lewis Hamilton (Britain), Sebastian
Vettel (Germany).
Lawn Tennis Andre Agassi (US), Boris Becker (Germany), Novak Djokovic (Serbia),
Roger Federer (Switzerland), Rafeal Nadal (Spain).
Chess Magnus Carlson (Norway), David Baramidze (Germany), Bobby
Fischer (America), Fabiano Karuana (Italy), Garry Kasparov (Russia).
Atheletics Usain Bolt (Jamaica), Micken Johnson (Norway), Robert Harting
(Germany), Darya Klishina (Russia), Neko Hiroshi (Cambodia).
Swimming Michael Phelps (America), Gabriele Detti (Italy), Yulia Efimova (Russia).
1069GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1275 ---
1070 CDS Pathfinder
Sport Players
Wrestling Jackeline Renteria (Columbia), Hassan Yazdani (Iran), Mijain Lopez
(Cuba), Yohana Melson (Sweden).
Weight
Lifting
Sopila Tanasan (Thailand), Qingquan Long (China), Nijat Rahimor
(Kazakistan), Wei Deng (China).
Boxing Mohammed Ali (America), Mike Tysen (America), Wladimir Klitschko
(Ukraine), Floyd Joy Mayweather (USA).
Squash David Troy Palmer (Australia), Nour El Sherbini (Egypt).
Golf Rory Mcllroy (North Ireland) , Phil Mickelson (United States).
Billiards and
Snooker
Neil Robertson (Australia), Mark Selby (England).
Shooting Andrea Arsovic (Serbia), Zorana Arunovic (Serbia), Niccolo Campriani
(Italy).
Archery Ku Bon-chan (South Korea) , Brady Ellison (United States) , Sjef van
den Berg (Netherland), Jean-Charles Valladont (France).
SPACE PROGRAMME
OF INDIA
• The Indian Space Programme was launched in 1962, when the
Indian National Committee for Space Research was formed. To
this were added the Indian Space Research Organisation in 19 69
and the Space Commission and Department of Space in 1972.
• The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is responsib le
for the planning, execution and management of space researc h
activities and space application programmes. The ISRO has i ts
headquarters at Bengaluru.
• India’s first Satellite Communication Earth station was se t-up
at Arvi near Pune. The first Indian Satellite Aryabhatta was
launched on 19th April, 1975 from Baikonur (erstwhile USSR) .
• The first Indian Remote Sensing Satellite was launched on
17th March, 1988. The first Indian Communication Satellite ,
APPLE was launched on 19th June, 1981 from Kourou in
French Guiana. It was the first Indian satellite that was pla ced
in geostationary orbit.
Some of the Important Space programme of
India
Cartosat-2c Earth observatory satellite launched by PSLV in
Sun-synchronous orbit on 22nd June, 2016. Its primary
objective are design and develop highly agile satellite wit h a
spatial resolution of 1.0 in panchromatic band and meet user
demand for cartographic application at cadastral level, ur ban
planning etc.
GSAT-15 A communication satellite launched on 10th
November, 2015 from Kourou using Rocket Ariane. Satellite
was placed in Geostationary orbit. Satellite carried 24 km
bond transponders and 2 Gagan navigational pay loads.
Astrosat It was launched on 28th September, 2015 using polar
satellite launch vehicle (PSLV-XL) into equatorial orbit. It is
multiwavelength-space observatory. It can study x-ray,
visible, near UV, far UV and hard x-ray radiations.
Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System
(IRNSS)/ NAVIC It has 7 satellite (IRNSSA to
IRNSSG), all the satellites have been launched.
Satellites are in Geo-stationary orbit and
Geo-synchronous transfer orbit. Satellites were
launched by Polar satellite launch vehicle. It is
designed to provide position information
services to user in India as well as 1500 km
from its boundary. It will provide standard
positioning service to all users and restricted
service to authorised users.
Mars Orbiter Mission or Mangalyaan It was
launched on 5th November in 2013 and it is
orbiting mars since 24th September, 2014.
Primary aim of Mars Orbiter Mission was to
showcase India’s launch system, spacecraft
building and operation capabilities for operation
of interplanetary mission. Missions 2nd
objective was to study mar’s surface feature,
mineralogy morphology and motion
atmosphere. It was launched by PSLV-XLC25.
Chandrayan It was launched in 2008 using
PSLV-XLC11. Primary objective of this mission
was to develop a technology to study feature of
moon, its chemical composition, detect water-ice
on the moon. Chandrayan II is being planned to
be launched in 2017.
GAGAN The GPS Aided GEO Augmented
Navigation (GAGAN) is an implementation of a
regional Satellite-Based Augmentation System
(SBAS) by the Indian Government. It is a system
to improve the accuracy of a GNSS receiver by
providing reference signals. The AAI’s efforts
towards implementation of operational SBAS can
be viewed as the first step towards introduction
of modern communication, navigation,
surveillance/Air Traffic Management system over
Indian airspace.
The project has established 15 Indian Reference
Stations, 3 Indian Navigation Land Uplink
Stations, 3 Indian Mission Control Centers and
installation of all associated software and
communication links. It will be able to help
pilots to navigate in the Indian airspace by an
accuracy of 3 m. This will be helpful for landing
aircraft in tough weather and terrain like
Mangalore and Leh airports.
INDIA’S A TOMIC RESEARCH
India’s atomic energy research started with the
establishment of the Atomic Energy Commission on
10th August, 1948. Department of Atomic Energy
(DAE) was established in 1954, for implementation
of atomic energy programmes.
--- PAGE 1276 ---
It has five Research Centres
Name Year Location
Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) 1954 Trombay, Mumbai
Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced
Technology (RRCAT)
1984 Indore
(Madhya Pradesh)
Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic
Research (IGCAR), Kalpakkam
1971 Tamil Nadu
Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC) 1977 Kolkata
Atomic Minerals Directorate for
Exploration and Research (AMD)
1998 Hyderabad
Nuclear Power Plants in India
Power Station State
Tarapur Maharashtra (India and USA)
Rawatbhata Kota, Rajasthan (India and Canada)
Kudankulam (Tirunelveli) Tamil Nadu (India and Russia)
Kaiga Karnataka
Kalpakkam Tamil Nadu
Kakrapar Gujarat
Narora Uttar Pradesh
India’s Nuclear Test
• On 18th May, 1974 India conducted her first
underground nuclear explosion at Pokhran
(Rajasthan) in the Thar desert at a depth of 100
metres. The code name used to convey the success of
the test to the then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi,
was ‘Buddha is Smiling’.
• For the second time, India conducted on 11th May,
1998 three underground nuclear explosions at the
same place i.e, Pokhran in the Thar desert of
Rajasthan at a depth of 100 metres. The test were
code named ‘Operation Shakti’.
• The Indian Government has officially declared the
11th May as National Technology Day in India to
commemorate the first of the five nuclear tests that
were carried out on 11th May, 1998. The day is
celebrated by giving awards to various individuals and
industries in the field of science and technology.
INDIAN DEFENCE
• The President of India is the Supreme Commander of
the Indian Armed Forces (Army, Navy and Air Force).
• Administrative and operational control is with the
Defence Ministry of India.
The Ministry of Defence comprises of four departments,
which are as follows :
i. Department of Defence
ii. Department of Defence production
iii. Department of Defence Research and Development
(DRDO)
iv. Department of Ex-Service man welfare
Field Formations of the Indian Army
Division It usually consists of 15000 combat troops and 8000 support
elements. Each division is composed of several Brigades.
Brigade A Brigade generally consists of around 3000 combat t roops with
supporting elements. An Infantry Brigade usually has 3 Infa ntry
Battalions along with various Support Arms and Services.
Battalion A Battalion is commanded by a Colonel and is the Inf antry’s main
fighting unit. It consists of more than 900 combat personnel .
Company Headed by the major a company comprises 120 soldiers .
Platoon An intermediate between a company and section a Plat oon is
headed by a Lieutenant. It has a total strength of about 32 tro ops.
Section Smallest military outfit with a strength of 10 Perso nnel.
Indian Army
HQ New Delhi
Motto Service Before Self
Battle Cry Bharat Mata ki Jai
Founded on 1947
Army Day 15th January
Active Personnel 1.4 million
Reserve Personnel 2.1 million
Colours Gold, Red and Black
First Army Chief Robert Mc Gregor Lockhart (1947)
/c238Indian□Army□is□organised□into□seven□Regional□Commands
Army Commands and their Headquarters
Army Commands Headquarters
Northern Command Udhampur
Southern Command Pune
Eastern Command Kolkata
Western Command Chandi mandir (Panchkula, Haryana)
Central Command Lucknow
South-Western Command Jaipur
Army Training Centre (ARTRAC) Shimla
/c238Vairengte is□the□Indian□Army's□counter-insurgency□school.
Commissioned Ranks of Three Forces
The following are the commissioned ranks in the three servic es.
Each rank is shown opposite its equivalent in the other servi ce.
Army Navy Air Force
General Admiral Air Chief Marshal
Lieutenant General Vice-Admiral Air Marshal
Major General Rear Admiral Air Vice-Marshal
Brigadier Commodore Air Commodore
Colonel Captain Group Captain
Lieutenant Colonel Commander Wing Commander
Major Lieutenant Commander Squadron Leader
Captain Lieutenant Flight Lieutenant
Lieutenant Sub-Lieutenant Flying Officer
1071GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1277 ---
1072 CDS Pathfinder
Indian Navy
HQ New Delhi
Motto Sham no varunah
Navy Day 4th December
Personnel 79,023
Founded 1947
Functional Commands and Headquarters
Navy Commands Headquarter
Eastern Command Visakhapatnam
Western Command Mumbai
Southern Command Kochi
/c238Kanwar is the operational Naval Base which is exclusively
controlled by Indian Navy. Hindustan shipyard is located at
Visakhapatnam.□Goa shipyard□is□in Vasco-da-Gama.
Indian Airforce
Founded 8th October, 1932
Air Force Day 8th October Motto - Nabha Sparsham Deeptam
(Touch the Sky with Glory)
HQ New Delhi
Personnel 140,139
Colours Navy blue, sky blue and white
Functional Commands and Headquarters
Training Command (TC) Bengaluru, Karnataka
Maintenance Command (MC) Nagpur, Maharashtra
Operational Commands and Headquarters
Central Air Command (CAC) Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
Eastern Air Command (EAC) Shillong, Meghalaya
Southern Air Command (SAC) Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala
South Western Air Command (SWAC) Gandhinagar, Gujarat
Western Air Command (WAC) Subroto park, New Delhi
Territorial Army (TA)
It is a citizens voluntary force, which functions on a
part time basis. It was established on 9th October, 1949
and is designed to give the citizens an opportunity to
receive military training during their spare time.
Internal Security of India
Indo-Tibetan Border
Police (ITBP)
It was established in 1962, after the Chinese
attack. It protects India-China border.
National Security
Guards (NSG)
Mandate to fight in anti-terrorist operation and
in security of VVIPS.
Central Industrial
Security Force (CISF)
It was set-up in 1969, its work is to secure
industrial complex of government.
Assam Rifles It was established in 1835 and is the oldest
paramilitary force in the country. It patrols
India-Myanmar border and insurgency in
North-East.
Border Security
Force (BSF)
It was established in 1965. It patrols Pakistan
and Bangladesh.
National Cadet
Corps (NCC)
It was established in 1948. Its main objective is to stimulat e
interest among the youth in the defence of the country in
order to build up a reserve manpower to expand armed
forces.
Central Reserve
Police Force (CRPF)
It was set-up in 1939. Its main objective is to assist the
State/Union Territory Police in maintenance of law and order.
The 88th Battalion of CRPF, known as ‘Mahila Battalion’
(commissioned on 30th March, 1986) is the world’s first
paramilitary force comprising entirely of women.
Home Guard It was established in 1946, to assist the police in maintaining
security, to help defence forces and to help local authoriti es.
Coast Guard It was set-up in 1978.
Its objective is to protect the maritime and other national
interests in the maritime zones of India.
Intelligence Bureau
(IB)
It was set-up in 1920. Its objective is to collect secret
information relating to country’s security. It was origina lly
set-up as Central Special Branch (CSB) in 1887 and
renamed IB in 1920.
Central Bureau of
Investigation (CBI)
It was established in 1953. Its objective is to investigate
cases of misconduct by public servants, cases of cheating,
embezzlement, fraud also work on International crime cases
in collaboration with INTERPOL.
National Crime
Records Bureau
(NCRB)
It was established in 1986.
Its objective is to collect crime statistics at the national level.
Rapid Action Force
(RAF)
It was established in 1991, wing of CRPF. It deals with riot,
crowd control, relief operation.
DRDO
It is responsible for the development of technology for use b y
the military and is headquartered in New Delhi, India. Defin e
Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) was formed
in 1958, by the merger of Technical Development Establishme nt
and the Directorate of Technical Development and Productio n
with the Defence Science Organisation.
Integrated Guided Missile Development
Programme (IGMDP)
The IGMDP was launched in 1983, for the development of a
comprehensive range of missiles including the intermediat e range
Agni Missile (surface to surface) and short range missiles s uch as
the Prithvi Ballistic Missile (surface to surface), Akash M issile
(surface to air), Astra Missile (air to air), Trishul Missil e (surface
to air) and Nag Missile (anti tank).
Indian Missiles
Agni (I-VI) Agni series of missile is a ballistic missile having 6 missil es in it with a
range varying from 700-10000 km. Agni I-V are in operational stage
while VI is in testing and developmental stage.
Prithvi Prithvi is a tactical surface to surface Short-Range Ballistic Missile
(SRBM). It has three versions - Prithvi I, II, III with range of 150-350 km.
Dhanush
(SS-350)
Dhanush is reportedly a naval version of Prithvi-III, which can be
launched from ships. It can carry 500 kg of conventional or nu clear
warhead.
Astra Astra is Beyond Visual Range (BVR) air to air missile. Astra i s designed
to be capable of engaging targets at varying range and altitu des
allowing for both short-range targets (upto 20 km) and long r ange
targets (upto 80 km) using alternative propulsion modes.
Akash Akash is a medium range surface to air missile. The missile ca n target
aircraft upto 30 km away, at altitudes of 18000 m. Akash can be fired
from both tracked and wheeled platforms. Akash is said to be c apable
of both conventional and nuclear warheads, with a reported p ayload of
60 kg.
--- PAGE 1278 ---
Trishul Trishul is a short range surface to air missile. The range of
the missile is 12 km and is fitted with a 15 kg warhead. The
weight of the missile is 130 kg.
Nag Nag is India’s third generation ‘Fire-and-Forget’ anti-tank
missile. It is an all weather, top attack missile with a range of
3 to 7 km.
Sagarika K-15 Sagarika is a nuclear-capable submarine launched
ballistic missile with a range of 700 km. It belongs to the K
Missile family. The latest test of the K-15 Missile was done
on 11th March, 2012.
Brahmos Brahmos is a stealth supersonic cruise missile that can be
launched from submarines, ships, aircraft or land. It is a
jointly developed by India and Russia.It is the world’s
fastest cruise missile in operation. The missile travels at a
speed of mach 2.8 to 3.0. It has a range of 290 km. It can
carry 300 kg of conventional or nuclear warhead.
Shaurya The Shaurya Missile is a short-range surface to surf ace
ballistic missile developed by DRDO for use by the Indian
Army capable of hypersonic speeds, it has a range of 600
km and is capable of carrying a payload of one to one
conventional or nuclear warhead. Shaurya Missile is a land
version of the under-water launched K-15 Missile, Sagarika .
Nirbhay Nirbhay is a long range, subsonic cruise missile dev eloped
in India. The missile has a range of 1000 km. The missile
will have a speed of 0.8 mach. The Nirbhay will be able to
be launched from multiple platforms on land, sea and air.
NOVATOR
K-100
It is an air to air missile designed as an AWACS killer for
ranges upto 300-400 km.
BARAK-8 It is an India-Israel long range surface to air missi le.
Ashwin It is an anti-ballistic missile designed to intercep t in coming
ballistic missiles in endo-atmosphere at an altitude of 30
km.
Defence Production Undertakings
Name and Established in Factories at
Bharat Dynamics Ltd (BDL) 1970 Hyderabad
Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) 1964 Bengaluru, Mysore, Kola r
Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL) 1954 Bengaluru, Ghaziabad, Pu ne,
Machilipatnam, Taloja
(Maharashtra), Panchkula
(Haryana), Kotdwara
(Uttarakhand), Hyderabad,
Chennai
Garden Reach Shipbuilders and
Engineers Ltd (GRSE) 1934
(Government acquired in 1960)
Kolkata
Goa Shipyards Ltd (GSL) 1957 Goa
Heavy Vehicles Factory Avadi
Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) 1964 Bengaluru (five facto ries),
Koraput, Nashik, Karwa,
Kanpur, Lucknow,
Barrackpore, Hyderabad
Mazagaon Docks Ltd (MDL) 1960 Mumbai
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Ltd (MIDHANI)
1973
Hyderabad
Praga Tools Hyderabad
List of Submarines of the Indian Navy
INS Vibhuti It was India’s first indigenously built missile boat launched at
Mazgaon Docks in Mumbai. It is a veer class corvette.
INS Shakti It was India’s first indigenously built submarin e. The ship is one
of the largest in the Indian Navy as it is 175 m in length and 32 m
in width.
INS
Kadamba
It is India’s largest naval base located near Karwar in Karna taka.
It was commissioned in 2005, under the project Seabird.
INS Talwar It is the leadership of the Talwar class frigates o f the Indian
Navy. Its name means ‘Sword’ in Hindi. It was built in Russia a nd
commissioned into the Indian Navy in 2003.
INS Vikrant The first aircraft carrier of Indian Navy was INS Vikrant. India
purchased the INS Vikrant from the United Kingdom in 1957.
INS Mysore It is a Delhi class guided missile destroyer curre ntly in active
service with the Indian Navy. INS Mysore was built at Mazagao n
Dock Limited in Mumbai and it was commissioned in 1999.
INS Beas It is a Brahmaputra class frigate of the Indian Navy. It was
commissioned in 2005.
INS Chakra II The INS Chakra II (K-152 Nerpa) is a 8140 tonne pr oject 518
(NATO Akula II) type nuclear-powered attack submarine.
INS Arihant Powered by 83 MW PWR. It is a part of Indian Navy’s A dvanced
Technology Vessel.
INS Kalvari It is a diesel-electric attack Submarine which i s designed by
DCNS and being manufactured at Mazagon Dock Limited,
Mumbai. It is commissioned in late 2017 (expected) but
launched in April 2015. It is Navy’s six kalvari-class subma rines.
UNITED NATIONS
The United Nations (UN) is an international organisation,
whose stated aims are facilitating co-operation in interna tional
law, international security, economic development, socia l
progress, human rights and achievement of world peace. The
United Nations Day is celebrated on 24th October each year.
Presently, there are 193 member states of the United Nations .
Principle Organs
There are six principle organs of the United Nations, which a re
as follows
1. General Assembly
• Headquarters of General Assembly is at New York.
General Assembly consists of all member states of the UN.
Each member nation can send five delegates, but each
nation has only one vote.
• The General Assembly meets at least once in a year and the
session commences on the first Tuesday of September. It
appoints the Secretary General of UN Secretariat on the
recommendation of the Security Council.
• The presidency of the Assembly rotates each year among
the five geographical groups of the countries viz Asia,
African, Latin America, East European and West European
and other states.
1073GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1279 ---
1074 CDS Pathfinder
2. Security Council
• The main aim of Security Council is the maintenance of
the international peace and security. The Security Council
originally consisted of eleven members, but increases to
fifteen in 1965.
• Security Council comprises of five permanent members
namely China, UK, Russia, France and USA and
10 non-permanent members, elected for a term of 2 years
by a two-third majority of the General Assembly, five
non-permanent members retire every year. Retiring
members cannot be re-elected immediately.
• Permanent member have veto power, which can be cast
against any decision supported by the majority members.
The headquarters of Security Council is at New York (US).
3. Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC)
Its main aim is to promote social progress and better standar ds
of life. ECOSOC comprises 54 members, 18 (one third) of
whom are elected every year by the General Assembly of
UN, to serve a 3 years term. The retiring members as well as
the President are eligible for immediate re-elections. The
headquarters of ECOSOC is at New York (US).
4. The Trusteeship Council
• The United Nations Trusteeship Council was established
to help ensure that trust territories were administered in
the best interests of their inhabitants and of internationa l
peace and security.
• Trusteeship Council was formed in 1945. The headquarters
of Trusteeship Council was at New York (US). The
Trusteeship Council suspended operation on 1st
November, 1994. With the independence of Polau, the last
remaining United Nations trust territory, on
1st October, 1994.
5. The International Court of
Justice (ICJ)
• The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is the
primary judicial organ of the United Nations. The ICJ
was established in 1945. It consists of 15 judges. The
judges of the court are elected by the General
Assembly along with the Security Council for a 9
years term.
• Its main functions are to settle legal disputes submitted
to it by states and to provide advisory opinions on legal
questions submitted to it by only authorised
international organs, agencies and the UN General
Assembly. The headquarters of ICJ is at Hague
(Netherland).
6. The Secretariat
• The United Nations Secretariat is one of the principle
organs of the United Nations, an inter governmental
organisation charged with aiding/helping states to
collectively maintain international peace and security.
It serves as a forum for member-states to discuss and
resolve pressing issues in the international field
through primarily diplomatic resources.
• The Secretariat is composed of a Secretary General,
assisted by a staff of international civil servants
worldwide. The Secretary General is appointed by the
General Assembly upon the recommendation of the
Security Council.
• The Secretary General of the UN is elected for 5
years and eligible for re-election, although, none so
far has held office for more than two terms.
• The present Secretary General of the UN is Antonio
Guterres.
--- PAGE 1280 ---
1075GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
Important International Agencies
Name of Agency Estd in Headquarter Objectives
International Telecommunication Union
(ITU)
1865 Geneva Sets international regulations for radio teleg raph, telephone and space radio
communications.
International Labour Organisation (ILO) 1919 Geneva To improve conditions and living standard of wor kers.
International Monetary Fund (IMF) 1945 Washington DC Promotes international monetary co-ope ration.
Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) 1945 Rome To improve living conditions of rural population.
International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development (IBRD)
1944 Washington DC To provide funds from different sources, offers loans to middle income developing
countries.
United Nations Educational, Scientific
and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO)
1945 Paris To promote collaboration among nations through e ducation, science and culture.
United Nations International Children’s
Emergency Fund (UNICEF)
1946 New York To promote children’s welfare all over the worl d.
World Health Organisation (WHO) 1948 Geneva Attainment of highest possible level of health b y all people.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) 1957 Vienna To promote peaceful uses of atomic energy.
International Development Association
(IDA)
1960 Washington DC An affiliate of the World Bank, aims to hel p under-developed countries raise living
standards.
United Nations Environmental
Programme (UNEP)
1972 Nairobi Promotes international co-operation in human environment.
World Trade Organisation (WTO) 1995 Geneva Setting rules for world trade to reduce tariffs.
International Organisations and Groups
Organisations and HQ Members Objectives
Red Cross Estd in 1863 (Geneva, Switzerland) 190 Internatio nal Humanitarian Movement for relief of suffering in time of war/disaster.
International Criminal Police Organisation (INTERPOL)
Estd in 1923 (Lyon, France)
190 To promote international co-operation among criminal p olice authorities.
Arab League (AL) Estd in 1945 [Cairo (Egypt)] Syria
suspended following the 2011 uprising
22 To promote economic, social, political and military co-o peration.
International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) Est d
in 1947 (Switzerland)
163 To promote the development of international standards.
North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO)
Estd in 1949 (Brussels)
28 Mutual defence and co-operation
South-East Asia Treaty Organisation (SEATO)
Estd in 1954 (Bangkok)
8 To provide for collective and economic co-operation in Sou th-East Asia.
Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)
Estd in 1960 [Vienna (Austria)]
14 Attempts to set world prices by controlling oil productio n and also pursues member
interest in trade and development.
World Wildlife Fund For Nature (WWF)
Estd in 1961 (Switzerland)
– To save the wildlife from extinction.
Amnesty International (AI)
Estd in 1961 (London)
– To keep a watch over human rights violation worldwide. Got N obel Prize in 1977 for
peace.
Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) Estd in 1961 114 Political co-op eration and establishment of separate identity from both US A and
USSR (in the Cold-War era).
Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN)
Estd in 1967 (Jakarta)
10 Regional economic social and cultural co-operation amon g the non-communist
countries of South-East Asia.
Group of 8 (G-8) on 24th March, 2014, Russia was
suspended, due to association with crimean crises
8 To promote co-operation among major non-communist econom ic power.
World Economic Forum (WEF)
Estd in 1971 (Geneva)
– To improve the state of the world by engaging leaders in part nerships to shape global,
regional and industry agendas.
Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC) Estd in 1981 6 It is a politic al and economic union of the Arab states.
South Asian Association for Regional Co-operation
(SAARC) Estd in 1985 (Kathmandu)
8 To promote economic, social and cultural co-operation.
Group of 15 (G-15) Estd in 1989 17 To promote economic co-oper ation among developing nations.
Asia Pacific Economic Co-operation (APEC) Estd in 1989
(Singapore)
21 To promote trade and investment in the Pacific basin.
Group of Twenty (G-20) Estd in 1999-2014
summit-Brisbane
20 For co-operation and consultation or matters pertaining to the International Financial
System.
BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa)
First formal summit-Yekaterinburg, 2009
5 To improve the economical condition of the country.
--- PAGE 1281 ---
1076 CDS Pathfinder
1. Consider the following regarding
AGNI-IV
1. Most advanced long range
missile system.
2. Missile has two stages of solid
propulsion.
3. It was earlier known as ‘AGNl
II’ Prime.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
2.
Which of the following pair(s)
is/are correctly matched?
List I List II
1. PRAHAAR Surface to surface missile
2. SHOURYA First hypersonic missile
3. PRITHVI-II Surface to surface ballistic
strategic missile
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
3.
Consider the following about
Olympics games
1. It is held every four years.
2. Their creation was inspired by
the ancient Olympic games.
3. Only developed countries can
participate in Olympic games.
4. International Olympic
Committee is founded in 1894.
Which of the statement(s) given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
4.
Which of the following players are
honorary officers of the Indian
Army?
1. MS Dhoni
2. Abhinav Bindra
3. Deepak Rao
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
5.
Who is the India’s first
sportsperson to receive Padma
Vibhusan Award?
(a) Sachin Tendulkar
(b) Saina Nehwal
(c) Viswanathan Anand
(d) Mahesh Bhupati
6.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Last Man in Tower 1. Arvind Adiga
B. The Valley of
Masks
2. Tarun Tejpal
C. Thorns to
Competition
3. Walter lsaacson
D. Steve Jobs 4. Rajita Chaudhary
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 4 3 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 4 3 1 2 (d) 2 4 1 3
7.
Consider the following statement(s)
about Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA)
1. The scheme of SSA was
launched in 2001.
2. It is to provide useful and
relevant elementary education
for children in the 6-14 age
group.
3. It is 100% centrally sponsored
scheme.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) Only 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 1 and 2
8.
Consider the following statements
1. The first Indian to win an
individual medal in olympics was
KD Jadhav.
2. Kunjarani Devi is associated
with weight lifting.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
9.
Consider the following statement(s)
about the Twenty-20 cricket.
1. It was introduced by the
England and Wales Cricket
Board.
2. It is not recognised by
International Cricket Council.
3. 1st Twenty-20 World Cup is
played in 2007.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
10.
Who is the first Indian woman to
win an Asian games gold in
400 m run?
(a) ML Valsanna (b) PT Vish
(c) Kamaljeet Sandhu (d) K Maheshwari
11.
Which day is the ‘International
Human Rights Day’?
(a) 10th December
(b) 24th October
(c) 25th November
(d) None of the above
12.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. North Atlantic Co-operation
Council (NACC) is the name
of the new organisation which
has replaced the North
Atlantic Treaty Organisation
(NATO).
2. The United States of America
and the United Kingdom
became the members of the
NATO when it was formed in
the year 1949.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
13.
Which award is given for
excellence in sports?
(a) Jamnalal Bajaj Award
(b) Arjuna Award
(c) Tagore Award
(d) Moortidevi Award
14.
Which one of the following
statement(s) is/are true about
Ranji Trophy?
1. Ranji Trophy is a domestic
first class Cricket
Championship.
2. The trophy is named after
England and sussex cricketer
Kunwar Shri Ranjit Singh Ji.
3. It was fisrt played in 1934.
4. It is played between national
teams.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
15.
Who among the following is a
Hindustani Classical Singer?
(a) Geeta Chandran (b) Leela Samson
(c) Gangubai Hangal (d) Swapnasundari
PRACTICE EXERCISE
--- PAGE 1282 ---
16. Arrange the following Nobel
Laureates in correct chronological
order.
1. Amartya Sen
2. Hargobind Khorana
3. Subramanian Chandrasekhar
4. Mother Teresa
Codes
(a) 2, 1, 3, 4 (b) 3, 2, 4, 1
(c) 2, 4, 3, 1 (d) 3, 4, 2, 1
17.
What is the correct chronological
order of conferring Bharat Ratna
for the following persons?
1. MS Subbalakshmi
2. Amartya Sen
3. APJ Abdul Kalam
4. Lata Mangeshkar
Codes
(a) 1, 2, 3, 4 (b) 3, 1, 2, 4
(c) 2, 1, 4, 3 (d) 4, 3, 1, 2
18.
Which one of the following is
correctly matched?
Special Bodies of
the UN
Headquarters
(a) United Nations High
Commissioner
for Refugees
Nairobi, Kenya
(b) United Nations
Children’s Fund
Paris, France
(c) United Nations
Office on Drugs and
Crime
Vienna, Austria
(d) None of the above
19.
Consider the following statements
1. The currency of IMF is SDR.
2. The lAEA was set-up in the
year 1957.
3. Russia is not a member
(permanent) of UN’s Security
Council.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
20.
When International ‘Yoga Divas’
is celebrated?
(a) 1st May (b) 21st June
(c) 25th April (d) 2nd July
21.
When is ‘World Environment
Day’, recognised by the UN,
observed?
(a) 11th December (b) 20th December
(c) 15th September (d) 5th June
22.
The ancient Hindu temple ‘Preah
Vihear’ is a source of dispute
between
(a) Nepal and Bhutan
(b) Bhutan and Bangladesh
(c) Thailand and Singapore
(d) Cambodia and Thailand
23.
Which among the following is/are
true about Sarojini Naidu?
1. She was the first woman
President of the Congress.
2. She was the first woman
Governor of independent India.
3. She was the first Health
Minister of independent India.
4. She wrote the Golden Bough.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) Only 2
24.
Consider the following statements
about APEC
1. Established in the year 1989.
2. A forum for 21 Pacific Rim
Countries.
3. APEC members account for
approximately 40% of the
world’s population.
4. India and Pakistan are not
members.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
25.
SWAN stands for
(a) State Wild Life Area Networks
(b) State Wide Acceleration of
Networks
(c) State Water Augmentation Network
(d) State Wide Area Networks
26. Match the following
List I
(Organisations)
List-II
(Reports)
A. WEF 1. Trade and
Development
Report
B. UNCTAD 2. The Global
Competitiveness
Report
C. Charities Aid
Foundation
3. World Giving
Index
D. RICS, India 4. Sustainable
Competitiveness
Report
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 1 3 4 (b) 1 3 4 2
(c) 3 2 1 4 (d) 4 1 2 3
27.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. National Cadet Corps (NCC) is
a pre-independence
organisation.
2. The motto of NCC is unity
and discipline.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
28.
The National Defence Academy has
foreign cadets from which of the
following countries?
1. Bhutan 2. Bangladesh
3. Nepal 4. Afghanistan
Selct the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 3 and 4 (d) All of these
29.
India’s first airport-based dedicated
cargo handling zone, exclusively
for pharmaceutical products is at
(a) Rajiv Gandhi International Airport,
Hyderabad
(b) Indira Gandhi International Airport,
New Delhi
(c) Chhatrapati Shivaji International
Airport, Mumbai
(d) Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose
International Airport,
Kolkata
30.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The main decision-making forum
of the Commonwealth of Nations
is the biennial Commonwealth
Heads of Government Meeting
(CHOGM).
2. The Commonwealth of Nations
comprises 54 countries across all
six inhabited continents.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
31.
Which of the following pair(s) is/are
correctly matched?
List I List II
1. HDI UNDP
2. Red Data Book IUCN
3. Economic Survey Ministry of Finance
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
32.
Which one of the following is not an
issue straining Indo-China
relations?
(a) Construction of a dam across the
river Brahmaputra in Tibet
(b) Visit of Dalai Lama to Arunachal
Pradesh
(c) Stapling of Chinese visa for the
people of Jammu and Kashmir
(d) Linking Kashmir Valley with the Indian
Railways Network
1077GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1283 ---
1078 CDS Pathfinder
33. Match the following
List I List II
A. Grand Slam 1. Chess
B. Grand Prix 2. Bridge
C. Grand Master 3. International Race
Codes
A B C A B C
(a) 1 2 3 (b) 2 1 3
(c) 3 2 1 (d) 3 1 2
34.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Usain Bolt, the 100-metres
race world record holder is
from Jamaica.
2. Narain Karthikeyan is the
sportsman in the field of
Formula One Car Racing.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
35.
Which of the following pairs are
correctly matched?
List I
(Reports)
List II
(Organisations)
1. World Investment
Report
UNCTAD
2. Scores SEBI
3. Rich Club OECD
4. Economic World Bank
Codes
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
36.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Justice Verma Committee was
constituted to recommends
amendments to the Criminal
Laws for committing sexual
assault against women.
2. The committee recommended
that the gradation of sexual
offences should be retained in
the Indian Penal Code, 1860.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
37.
Transchart is the
(a) chartering wing of the Ministry of
Surface Transport
(b) container service established by
Indian Railways
(c) Training Institute of Maritime
Studies and Research
(d) Passenger Insurance Scheme or
Indian Railways
38. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Kalinga Prize is an award
given by UNESCO for
exceptional skill in presenting
scientific ideas to laypeople.
2. Dorairajan Balasubramanian
was the last person from India
to receive the Kalinga Prize.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
39.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Borlaug Award 1. Agricultural
Research
B. Dhanwantri
Award
2. Medical
Services
C. Bhasin Award 3. Sciences
Codes
A B C A B C
(a) 1 2 3 (b) 2 3 1
(c) 3 2 1 (d) 1 3 2
40.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Nobel Prize Awarding
Ceremony takes place on
10th December of every year.
2. The Nobel Prize for Literature
was added later on to the
other five areas-Physics,
Chemistry, Physiology or
Medicine, Peace and
Economics.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
41.
Which one of the following
statements regarding Bharat
Ratna Award is not correct?
(a) The original specifications for the
award called for a circular gold
medal, 35 mm in diameter, with
the Sun and the Hindi legend
‘Bharat Ratna’ above and a floral
wreath below. The reverse was to
carry the state emblem and motto
(b) The provision of Bharat Ratna was
introduced in 1954
(c) Bharat Ratna is awarded to Indian
citizens only
(d) The first ever Indian to receive this
award was the famous scientist,
Chandrasekhara Ventkata Raman
42.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The Golden Lion is the highest
prize given to a film at the
Venice film festival.
2. The Venice film festival is the
oldest film festival in the world.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
43.
Aam Admi Bima Yojana is an
insurance scheme for rural landless
households introduced by
(a) LIC (b) UTI
(c) ICICI (d) None of these
44.
Consider the following statements
about Jnanpith Award
1. It is the highest literary award.
2. The award was instituted in
1961.
3. G Sankara Kurup, was its first
recipient in 1965.
4. Only official languages of
Indian’s writing are eligible for
the honour.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
45.
Which of the following pairs is/are
correctly matched?
List I List II
1. True Colours Adam Gilchrist
2. Two States Chetan Bhagat
3. Rivers of Smoke Amitav Ghosh
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
46.
An ‘‘Autobiography of a Yogi’’ is a
book written by
(a) Paramhansa Yogananda
(b) Orham Pamuk
(c) Tony Blair
(d) None of the above
47.
Which of the following pairs are
correctly matched?
List I List II
1. IQ 84 Haruki Marakami
2. The good Muslim Greg Chappell
3. The sense of an
ending
Julian Barnes
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
--- PAGE 1284 ---
48. Match the following
List I List II
A. Tale of Two Cities 1. Charles Dickens
B. The T enth Parellel 2. Paul Allen
C. Fierce Focus 3. Greg Chappel
D. Idea Man 4. Eliza Griswold
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 1 4 3 2
(c) 1 4 2 3 (d) 2 3 1 4
49.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Arundhati Roy and Arvind
Adiga were the Debut
Novelists when they won the
Booker.
2. The Ramon Magsaysay Award
is given only to individuals.
3. The Ramon Magsaysay Award
is given only to Asians.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) Only 1
50.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Anti Tobacco Day 1. 17th November
B. Diabetes Day 2. 22nd September
C. International
Peace Day
3. 14th November
D. National Epilepsy
Day
4. 31st May
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 4 3 1 2 (d) 3 2 1 4
51.
Often our computer systems are
said to be attacked by virus.
What does VIRUS stand for?
(a) Very important Resources Under
Seige
(b) Vital Imports Reduced Under Seige
(c) Vital Inputs Removed Under Seige
(d) Vital Information Resources Under
Seige
52. Match the following
List I List II
A. 24th October 1. Human Rights Day
B. 10th December 2. Commonwealth
Day
C. 24th May 3. UN Day
D. 21st September 4. International Day
of Peace
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 1 2 3 (b) 3 1 2 4
(c) 3 2 1 4 (d) 4 2 1 3
53.
Kargil Vijay Diwas is celebrated
on ..........., in India.
(a) 26th July (b) 25th July
(c) 24th July (d) 20th July
54.
........ is celebrated as Victory Day
in Bangladesh and Vijay Diwas in
India.
(a) 16th December (b) 18th December
(c) 16th November (d) 18th November
55.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. 5th June is a day that
stimulates awareness of the
environment and enhances
political action.
2. From 5th-6th June, 1972, the
UN Conference on the Human
Environment was held.
3. The first World Environment
Day was held in 1974.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are incorrect?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) Only 2
(c) Only 3 (d) Only 1
56.
Which of the following pairs is/are
correct?
1. BASIC : Brazil, Africa, Sudan,
India, China.
2. IBSA : India, Brazil, South
Africa.
Codes
(a) Both 1 and 2 (b) Only 2
(c) Only 1 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
57.
POPs are organic compounds that
are resistant to environmental
degradation through chemical,
biological and photolytic
processes. POP stands for
(a) Pre-existing Organisms Pool
(b) Persistent Organic Pollution
(c) Persistent Organism Pollutant
(d) Persistent Organic Pollutant
58.
Consider the following
statement(s) about the National
Youth Day.
1. It is celebrated on 20th
January every year.
2. Since 1985, this day has been
celebrated.
3. It is celebrated on the birthday
of Swami Vivekananda.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are incorrect?
(a) 2 and 3 (b) Only 3
(c) Only 1 (d) 1 and 2
59.
DTAA is signed with the
countries in order to provide
relief to persons, while TIEA is
signed to exchange information.
TIEA stands for
(a) Targeted Information Exchange
Agreement
(b) T ax Information Exchange Agreement
(c) Targeted Information Exchange
Association
(d) Tax Information Exchange Association
60. Consider the following statement(s)
1. In India, there are several days
declared as Martyr’s Day that
honour those recognised as
Martyrs for the nation.
2. The most prominent Martyr’s
Day at the national level is 30th
January.
3. 30th January is celebrated as
Martyr’s Day as its marks the
assassination of MK Gandhi in
1948.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
61.
Which among the following is the
unit raised to protect the naval
assets?
(a) Sagar Rakshak Bal
(b) Sagar Suraksha Bal
(c) Sagar Prahari Bal
(d) Sagar Nigrani Bal
62.
Consider the following statements
about ‘Rafale’.
1. It is a French twin engine,
delta-wing, multi-role jet fighter
aircraft.
2. It is designed and built by
Dassault Aviation.
3. It has been purchased by India
to enhance its military power.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
63.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The DRDO developed two
variants of Prithvi Missile.
2. Prithvi II is equipped with
features of manoeuverability to
deceive the enemy defence
system.
3. Induction of Prithvi Missile
enhances the capability of the
Indian Army to attack multiple
targets simultaneously.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 2 and 3 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
1079GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1285 ---
1080 CDS Pathfinder
64. Match the following
List I
(Organisations)
List II
(Reports)
A. World Bank 1. Doing Business
Index
B. Yale University 2. Better Life Index
C. OECD 3. Environmental
Performance
Index
D. UNDP 4. Global HDI
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 1 2 4 (b) 1 3 2 4
(c) 3 2 1 4 (d) 4 1 2 3
65.
Given below are six most
populous states of India.
Arrange them in decending order
1. West Bengal
2. Uttar Pradesh
3. Bihar
4. Andhra Pradesh
5. Maharashtra
6. Madhya Pradesh
Codes
(a) 6, 2, 3, 1, 5, 4 (b) 2, 6, 3, 1, 5, 4
(c) 2, 5, 3, 1, 6, 4 (d) 6, 1, 3, 4, 5, 2
66.
Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan Yojana is
associated with?
(a) Making community latrines in slums
(b) Educating rural women
(c) Drinking water
(d) Building dams
67. Which of the statements given
below correctly defines the
difference between PSLV and
GSLV?
1. The Polar Satellite Launch
Vehicle (PSLV) launches
satellites into Sun synchronous
orbits, while the
Geosynchronous Satellite
Launch Vehicle (GSLV)
launches satellites into Geostatic
orbit.
2. The PSLV launches satellite
on the Earth’s poles while the
GSLV launches satellites into
the solar orbit.
3. The PSLV is a three-stage
launch vehicle, while the
GSLV is a four-stage launch
vehicle.
4. The PSLV is a four stage
launch vehicle while the GSLV
is a three-stage launch vehicle.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 4 (b) 2 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 2 and 3
68.
Cryogenic Engine is used in
(a) boeing aircraft
(b) high speed rail engines
(c) space shuttle
(d) nuclear testing
69.
Which one of the following pair(s)
is not correctly matched?
(a) China : Xichang Space
Launch Center
(b) India : Sriharikota Island
(c) USA : Moron Air Base
(d) Japan : Tanegashima Island
70.
Apart from India, which of the
following countries celebrate
Independence Day on 15th
August?
1. Pakistan
2. Bahrain
3. Republic of Congo
4. South Korea
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) 2, 3 and 4
71.
Match the following
List I List II
A. UNEP 1. 1957
B. UNICEF 2. 1972
C. IAEA 3. 1985
D. UNIDO 4. 1946
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 1 3 (b) 2 4 3 1
(c) 4 2 1 3 (d) 1 2 3 4
72.
The World Asthma Day is
observed across the world to
spread awareness and care
including India, with the
theme-Its Time to Control
Asthma. The day is observed on
(a) first Monday of May
(b) first Tuesday of May
(c) first Sunday of May
(d) 1st May every year
73.
The term P5 + 1 refers to the five
permanent members of the UN
Security Council plus
(a) Germany (b) India
(c) Japan (d) South Korea
74.
The ‘Abyei region’ is a disputed
area between which of the
following countries?
(a) Pakistan and Afghanistan
(b) China and Japan
(c) Switzerland and Germany
(d) Sudan and South Sudan
75.
Consider the following statements
UNESCO’s World Heritage Mission
is to
1. takeover the management,
maintenance and preservation of
World Heritage Sites.
2. encourage state parties to the
convention concerning the
protection of the world cultural
and natural heritage to
nominate sites within their
national territory for inclusion
on the World Heritage List.
3. provide emergency assistance for
World Heritage Sites in
immediate danger.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
76.
Well-known Suzlon Group of India
is engaged in which one of the
following as its major operations?
(a) Telecommunications
(b) Automotive components
(c) Wind energy
(d) Hotels
77.
The ‘Courage and Conviction’ is the
autobiography of
(a) Shashi Tharoor (b) VK Singh
(c) Narendra Modi (d) Yashwant Sinha
78.
Match the following
List I
(Libraries)
List II
(Locations)
A. Saraswati Mahal Library 1. Patna
B. Library of Tibetan Work
and Archives
2. Dharamsala
C. Raza Library 3. Thanjavur
D. Khuda Baksh Oriental
Public Library
4. Rampur
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 2 4 1 (b) 3 2 1 4
(c) 2 3 1 4 (d) 2 3 4 1
79.
Consider the following heritage
sites
1. Jantar Mantar, Jaipur
2. Red Fort, Delhi
3. Valley of Flowers, Uttarakhand
4. Nilgiri Mountain Railway, Tamil
Nadu
Which of the heritage sites given
above are included in the
UNESCO’s list of World Heritage
Sites?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
--- PAGE 1286 ---
80. The UNESCO declared which of
the following islands as a World
Biosphere Reserve under its Man
and the Biosphere Programme in
India?
(a) Lakshadweep
(b) Miconi Islands
(c) Nicobar Islands
(d) Andaman and Nicobar Islands
81.
Match the following
List I
(Institutes)
List II
(Locations)
A. Central Institute of
Higher Tibetan
Studies
1. Hyderabad
B. Indira Gandhi Institute
of Development and
Research
2. Mumbai
C. National Institute of
Mental Health and
Neuro- Science
3. Bengaluru
D. Central Institute of
English and Foreign
Languages
4. Dharamsala
5. Varanasi
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 5 3 4 1 (b) 5 2 3 1
(c) 3 2 4 5 (d) 4 5 1 2
82.
Which one of the following is not
correctly matched?
Cup Trophies Games
(a) CK Nayudu Trophy : Cricket
(b) Sivanthi Gold Cup : Volleyball
(c) Chennai Open Cup : Badminton
(d) Durand Cup : Football
83.
Match the following
List I List II
A. 2nd February 1. World Forestry
Day
B. 21st March 2. World Wetland
Day
C. 21st September 3. World Alzheimer’s
Day
Codes
A B C A B C
(a) 1 2 3 (b) 2 1 3
(c) 1 3 2 (d) 3 2 1
84.
The book titled ‘1283’ is about of
the career illustration of which
football legend?
(a) David Beckam
(b) Pele
(c) Baichung Bhutia
(d) Lionel Messi
85.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Bull’s Eye 1. Cricket
B. Caddy 2. Tennis
C. Deuce 3. Shooting
D. Googly 4. Golf
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 4 2 3 1 (d) 3 4 2 1
86.
Lionel Messi, who has been
chosen for Golden Boot Trophy
for third time, is from which
country?
(a) Germany (b) France
(c) Italy (d) Argentina
87.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Colombo cup is associated with
the game of Football.
2. Sultan Azlan Shah
Tournament is associated with
Boat race.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
88.
Which of the following are
member(s) of BRICS?
(a) Bhutan, Russia, India, China and
Sri Lanka
(b) Brazil, Russia, India, China and
South Africa
(c) Brazil, Russia, Indonesia, China
and Singapore
(d) Bangladesh, Republic of Korea,
Indonesia, Canada and Sri Lanka
89. The ‘City Next’ an initiative
technology for sustainable
growth of cities in India has been
launched by
(a) Facebook (b) IBM
(c) Microsoft (d) Yahoo
90.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna
(RGKR) is India’s highest
honour given for achievement
in sports.
2. It carries a medal, a scroll of
honour and a substantial cash
component.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
91.
What is General Agreement on
Trade is Services (GATS)?
1. It is a treaty of the World Trade
Organisation (WTO).
2. It entered into force in January,
2005 as a result of the Uruguay
Round negotiations.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
92.
The United States announced a
new initiative called BRAIN which
refers to as
(a) name of NASA’s new mission on
Mars
(b) name of the new computer
technology to curb terrorism
(c) brain research through advancing
innovative neuro technologies
(d) None of the above
93. Which of the following island is the
cause of dispute between China and
Japan and controlled by Tokyo?
(a) Senkaku (b) South China Sea
(c) Falkland (d) None of these
94.
Identify the port
1. It is a popular mountain resort.
2. Nestling in the Western Ghats.
3. It is the main gateway for the
trade of North-West India.
Codes
(a) Trombay (b) Kandla
(c) Cochin (d) Mangaluru
95.
Which of the following countries
became the first NATO and also the
first European country to make
military services obligatory for
male as well as the females?
(a) Norway (b) Britain
(c) Italy (d) France
96.
Consider the following UN
organisations
1. UNEP : United National
Environment Programme
2. UNESCO : United Nations
Economic Society and Cultural
Organisations
3. UNFPA : United Nations for
Population Activities
4. UNHCR : United Nations High
Commission for Refugees
Which of the above are incorrect
abbreviated?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 4
1081GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1287 ---
1082 CDS Pathfinder
97. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Paralympic games are
where athletes with a physical
disability compete.
2. All Paralympic Games are
governed by the International
Paralympic Committee (IPC).
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
98.
Match the following
List I
(Trophies)
List II
(Games)
A. Aga Khan Cup 1. Bridge
B. Durand Cup 2. Hockey
C. Irani Trophy 3. Football
D. Holker Trophy 4. Cricket
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 3 2 4 1 (d) 3 4 1 2
99.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Vatican City 1. Most populous city
in the world
B. Shanghai 2. The largest
metropolitan area
by population
C. Manila 3. City having the
highest density in
the world
D. Tokyo 4. The smallest
country in the world
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 3 1 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 4 3 1 2 (d) 4 1 3 2
100.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Bharat Dynamics Limited
(BDL), a Mini-Ratna
company, was incorporated in
the year 1970 and it is a
pioneer in the manufacture of
Anti-Tank Guided Missiles.
2. MIDHANI, a Mini-Ratna
company, was established in
November, 1973 to achieve
self-reliance in the
manufacture of a wide range
of super alloys, titanium
alloys, special purpose steels
etc primarily for defence and
strategic sectors.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
101.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Ramon Magsaysay is awarded
only to Asian individuals
achieving excellence in their
respective fields.
2. The maximum number Indian
received the award in the
field of Peace and
International Understanding.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
102.
Match the following list
List I
(Days)
List II
(Observances)
A. 26th
January
1. World AIDS Vaccine
Day
B. 20th
February
2. International
Customs Day
C. 12th April 3. World Day of Social
Justice
D. 18th May 4. International Day for
Street Children
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 3 1 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 4 3 1 2 (d) 4 1 3 2
103.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Pritzker Architecture
Prize is awarded annually to
honour a architect, whose
built work demonstrates a
combination of those qualities
of talent, vision and
commitment posthumously.
2. The Stirling Prize is a
British Prize for excellence in
architecture.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
104.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Australia is the only country
to win the ICC Cricket World
Cup three times
consecutively.
2. India won the ICC Cricket
World Cup for the first time
in 1979.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
105.
Consider the following statements
1. French Open is the only Grand
Slam held on clay.
2. French Open is also known as
Roland Garros.
3. Roland Garros is named after
the famous French Aviator
Roland Garros.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
106.
Which one of the following is the
oldest Grand Slam of the world?
(a) Wimbledon (b) French Open
(c) Australian Open (d) US Open
107.
Which of the following pairs are
correctly matched?
List I List II
1. Davis Cup Men’s Tennis
2. Azlan Shah Cup Hockey
3. Chess National Game of
Russia
4. Basket Ball National Game of
USA
Codes
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
108.
Match the following
List I
(Name of the
Shipyards)
List II
(Locations)
A. Hindustan Shipyard
Limited
1. Kolkata
B. Garden Reach
Shipbuilders and
Engineers Limited
2. Vasco-da-Gam
a
C. Goa Shipyard
Limited
3. Mumbai
D. Mazagaon Dock
Limited
4. Visakhapatnam
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 2 1 3 (b) 3 1 2 4
(c) 4 1 2 3 (d) 3 2 1 4
109.
Which of the following pairs are
correctly matched?
List I List II
1. Santosh Trophy Football
2. Ranji Trophy Cricket
3. ICC Award Cricket
4. Dhyan Chand
Award
National Sports
Award
Codes
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
--- PAGE 1288 ---
110. Indian Army’s counter-insurgency
school is situated in
(a) Kanker (b) Srinager
(c) Tezpur (d) Vairengte
111.
Which among the following is
not correct about Borlaug
Award?
(a) It is given for outstanding
performance in the field of
agriculture and environment
(b) It was created in 1974
(c) It carries a cash prize of
` 5 lakhs
(d) It was named in honour of
Nobel Laureate Norman E
Borlaug
112.
In which state is the Rajiv
Gandhi National Institute of
Youth Development located?
(a) Tamil Nadu
(b) Karnataka
(c) Himachal Prdesh
(d) Uttarakhand
113.
Match the following
List I
(Ships)
List II
(Types)
A. INS Arihant 1. Aircraft carrier
B. INS Vikrant 2. Landing platform
dock
C. INS Shivalik 3. Nuclear
submarine
D. INS Airavat 4. Stealth frigate
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 4 1 2 (b) 3 1 4 2
(c) 2 1 4 3 (d) 2 4 1 3
114.
Consider the following pair(s)
1. Pinaka : Multi barrel rocket
launcher system
2. Nag : Anti-tank missile system
3. Lakshya : Unmanned aerial vehicle
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
115.
Which one among the following
is the unit raised to protect the
naval assets?
(a) Sagar Rakshak Bal
(b) Sagar Suraksha Bal
(c) Sagar Prahari Bal
(d) Sagar Nigrani Bal
116.
Arrange the following Military
Training Institutes in India in
terms of their geographical
location form North to South
1. Indian Military Academy
2. Officers Training Academy
3. National Defence Academy
4. National Defence College
5. College of Defence
Management
Codes
(a) 1, 3, 5, 4, 2 (b) 1, 4, 3, 5, 2
(c) 4, 5, 3, 2, 1 (d) 3, 4, 1, 2, 5
117.
Which city was selected as the
host for the 2022 Commonwealth
Games at the Federation’s
General Assembly in New
Zealand?
(a) Johannesburg (b) Gauteng
(c) Durban (d) Pretoria
118.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Nag is a third generation fire
and forget anti-tank missile
which can be fired in both
night and day time.
2. It has a length of 1.90 m.
3. It can be fired against only
fixed targets.
4. The missiles has land
water-launched and man
portable (weighing 14 kg)
versions.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
119.
Ms Reena Kaushal
Dharmshaktu is the first Indian
woman
(a) to reach Antarctica
(b) pilot inducted in Indian Air Force
(c) to ski to the South Pole
(d) to win the gold medal in Asian
Boxing Championship
120. START (Strategic Arms
Reduction Treaty) is a treaty
between/among
(a) China and Japan
(b) USA and USSR
(c) USA and European Union
(d) China, India, USA and Russia
121.
Which one of the following is not
a member of BASIC bloc of
countries?
(a) South Africa (b) China
(c) India (d) Australia
122.
Why has China ended its
one-child policy?
1. An aging population and
slowing economic growth rates
fed calls to change the policy
and over time it was eased.
2. The longer-term problem for
China is the rather skewed
structure of its age pyramid
following on from big reductions
in births in the 1970s and
1980s.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
123.
Which of the following
organisation issue the rules of
global trade?
(a) World Bank
(b) World Trade Organisation
(c) Foreign Exchange Dealer’s
Association
(d) Directorate General of Foreign
Trade
124. Main objective of Antyodaya
programme is to
(a) uplift the urban poor
(b) uplift the farmer
(c) uplift the landless labour
(d) uplift the poor
125.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. ASEAN is India’s fourth
largest trading partner.
2. European Union (EU) is India’s
largest trading partner.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
126.
Which of the following is
incorrectly matched?
(a) Anna Hazare : Anti Corruption
Movement
(b) Dr Pramod
Karan Sethi
: Jaipur Foot
(c) Dr MS
Swaminathan
: Agriculture
(d) Dr Abdul
Kalam
: Development
of Economics
127.
Rajiv Gandhi Environment Award
is given for outstanding
contribution to
(a) afforestation and conservation of
wasteland
(b) clean technology and development
(c) wildlife conservation
(d) writing of Hindi books on
environment
128. The Nobel Prize was instituted by
which country?
(a) USA (b) UK
(c) Russia (d) Sweden
1083GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1289 ---
1084 CDS Pathfinder
129. Which one of the following
countries had hosted the first
winter Paralympic Games?
(a) United States (b) Russia
(c) Sweden (d) Germany
130.
Consider the following
statement(s) regarded Pro
Kabaddi League (PKL)
1. PKL is a professional
Kabaddi (indigenous sport)
league based on the format of
the Indian Premier League
(IPL) T-20 cricket tournament.
2. The first edition of the
tournament was played in
2014.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
131.
The five permanent members of
the United Nations Security
Council are
(a) Canada, China, France, USA, UK
(b) China, France, Russia, USA, UK
(c) Japan, Germany, Russia, USA, UK
(d) Germany, China, Russia, USA, UK
132.
Which of the following
committees is not constituted for
poverty estimation?
1. Lakdawala
2. SD Tendulkar
3. NC Saxena
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) None of these
133.
Consider the following
statements about historic Paris
Climate Agreement on Earth
day.
1. All the countries agreed to
work to limit global
temperature rise to well below
2° celsius.
2. Take into account principle of
equity and common but
differentiated responsibilities.
3. Developed countries will
provide 100 billion dollars
annually to the developing
counterparts beginning in
2010.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
134.
India has got its first online
interactive portal ‘Sahapedia’ on
the cultural heritage of the
country in May, 2016.
1. Sahapedia aims to educate the
people of India about the
traditions, visual arts,
performing arts, literature and
languages that is scattered
across the country.
2. This online portal is a
collection of resources on the
diverse heritage of India.
3. It is non-profit society, led by
former TCS chairman
S Ramadorai, who is the head
of the National Skill
Development Agency.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) All of these (d) None of these
135.
Which of the following ministries
has launched UDAY scheme?
(a) Ministry of Minority Affairs
(b) Ministry of Law and Justice
(c) Ministry of Power
(d) Ministry of Shipping Ministry of
Power
136. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Dadasaheb Phalke Award is
India’s highest award in
cinema given annually by the
Government of India for
lifetime contribution to Indian
cinema.
2. Prithviraj Kapoor is the first
recipient of the Dadasaheb
Phalke Award.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
137.
Which of the statement(s) given
below is/are correct?
(a) World Economic Outlook is
basically a survey conducted and
published by International
Monetary Fund
(b) It portrays the world economy in
the near and medium context
(c) WEO forecasts include the
macro-economic indicators, such
as GDP , inflation, current account
and fiscal balance of countries
(d) It is published once in 5 years
138.
Which is sometimes called ‘The
Sport of Kings’?
(a) Horse race (b) Chess
(c) Polo (d) Squash
139.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The first Indian to participate
in Olympic games was
Norman Pritchard.
2. Women’s participation started
from 2nd Olympic games in
1900.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
140.
Stand-up India scheme is about
(a) providing credit to young
entrepreneurs in IT sector
(b) providing credit to farmers in
drought affected region
(c) providing credit to Scheduled
Caste (SC), Scheduled Tribe (ST)
and women borrowers in the
non-farm sector
(d) providing credit to students for
higher education
141.
Which of the following is/are
correctly abbreviated?
1. ASEAN is Association of
South-East Asian Nations.
2. APEC is Asian Pacific
Economic Co-operation.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 2
(b) Only 1
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
142.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Stanley Cup is associated with
the hockey.
2. Heisman Trophy is associated
with the football.
3. Wightman Cup is associated
with the track and field.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are incorrect?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Only 3 (d) None of these
--- PAGE 1290 ---
2012 (I)
1. Which among the following
countries has recently decided to
give grant of US $ 1 billion for
reconstruction of Nalanda
University?
(a) USA (b) China
(c) UK (d) Japan
2.
Which one among the following
statements is correct?
(a) Due to border problems, India’s
trade with China did not register a
quantum jump between the years
2001-2010
(b) The stand off between India and
China on Pakistan and Arunachal
Pradesh did not let India’s trade to
grow with China in the years
2001-2010 as much as it grew in
the years 1991-2001
(c) While India-China trade has
registered a quantum jump
between the years 2001-2010, both
the countries have ensured parity
of trade
(d) Inspite of border problems, India’s
trade with China registered a
quantum jump during the years
2001-2010
3.
Which one among the following is
the fastest Indian Supercomputer
recently developed by ISRO?
(a) Aakash A-l (b) Saga 220
(c) Jaguar-Cray (d) Tianhe-lA
4.
Assume that India and Pakistan
are engaged in an increasingly
volatile situation over the LoC in
Jammu and Kashmir with a
Kargil type infiltration by
Pakistan. A conventional war
between both the countries is
inevitable under the shadow of
nuclear weapons. In this
situation, what is the nuclear
capacity that India should
possess against Pakistan to deter
a nuclear exchange?
(a) A first use nuclear policy
(b) A much larger nuclear arsenal than
Pakistan
(c) A credible nuclear deterrence with
second strike capability
(d) An intercontinental ballistic missile
with a range of 5000 km
5. Which of the following statements
is correct with regard to Yudh
Abhyas?
(a) It is an Indian military ‘war game’
with regard to Pakistan
(b) It is an Indian military exercise with
Oman
(c) It is an Indian military exercise with
Bhutan
(d) It is an Indian military exercise with
US
6. Consider the following statements
1. The Kalinga Prize is an award
given by UNESCO for
exceptional skill in presenting
scientific ideas to lay people.
2. Dorairajan Balasubramaniam
was the last person from India
to receive the Kalinga Prize.
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
7.
Match the following
List I
(Short-listed books
for DSC Prize for
South Asian
Literature 2012)
List II
(Author)
A. Bharathipura 1. Kavery Nambisan
B. A Street in
Srinagar
2. Shehan
Karunatilaka
C. Chinaman 3. Chandrakanta
D. The Story that
must not be told
4. UR Ananthamurthy
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 2 3 1 (b) 1 2 3 4
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 1 3 2 4
8.
The Indian Research Station
‘Himadri’ is located at
(a) Siachen (b) Darjeeling
(c) Arctic Region (d) Antarctica
9.
Which one among the following
statements is correct with regard
to the C-5M Super Galaxy?
(a) It is a large military helicopter
(b) It is a large military transport
aircraft
(c) It is a galaxy of stars very close to
the Sun
(d) it is a US fighter aircraft to be
completed in 2014
10. In which one among the following
Latin American countries, a woman
has won first time for, the
presidential elections for the second
term?
(a) Brazil (b) Venezuela
(c) Uruguay (d) Argentina
11.
The Operation Polo was associated
with the annexation of which one
among the following Princely
States into Indian Union?
(a) Kashmir (b) Junagadh
(c) Travancore (d) Hyderabad
12.
An African country, Sudan has
been broken into two recently with
formation of a new country named
South Sudan. Economy of South
Sudan will depend on its
(a) agricultural product
(b) minerals
(c) forest product
(d) fishery product
13.
Which one among the following
statements about NATO is not
correct?
(a) NATO is a collective defence
organisation in Europe
(b) The US is an ex-officio member of
NATO
(c) Turkey is a member of NATO
(d) NATO has 28 independent member
states
14. In the year 2011, a missile named
‘PRAHAR’, developed by DRDO
was test fired. This is a
(a) short-range surface to air missile
(b) long-range surface to air missile
(c) short-range surface to surface missile
(d) long-range surface to surface missile
15. Sabin Award is given for the
conservation of
(a) amphibians (b) reptiles
(c) birds (d) corals
16.
In the year 2011, NASA launched a
mission to study the moon from
crust to core through its
(a) Gravity Recovery and Interior
Laboratory
(b) Fast Auroral Snapshot Explorer
Spacecraft
(c) Ultraviolet Spectroscopic Explorer
Spaceraft
(d) Transition Region and Coronal
Explorer Spacecraft
1085GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
QUESTIONS FROM
CDS EXAM (2012-2016)
--- PAGE 1291 ---
1086 CDS Pathfinder
2012 (II)
17. Anna Hazare was awarded with
the Padma Bhushan in
recognition for
(a) his war against corruption and
launching Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan
Andolan
(b) his service to the Indian Army
(c) transforming a barren dry village
called Ralegan-Siddhi in
Maharashtra’s Ahmednagar district
into a model village of
self-sufficiency, eco-friendly and
harmony
(d) his remarkable social service in the
Adivasi areas of Bihar
18.
Consider the following statements
about Viswanathan Anand
1. He has won the World Chess
Championship five times.
2. He is the first sports person to
receive the Padma Vibhushan
Award.
3. He is currently the Number 1
rating player on the FIDE
Ratings.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 2 (d) All of these
19.
Which one among the following
nuclear capable countries has a
declared No First Use Policy?
(a) United States of America
(b) People’s Republic of China
(c) Pakistan
(d) Russia
20.
The year 2002 Code of Conduct
related to territorial and
maritime dispute in the South
China sea was signed between
China and
(a) Philippines (b) Vietnam
(c) United States of America
(d) ASEAN
21.
In the year 2012, India undertook
its largest military exercise since
independence. This was named
(a) Yuddh Abhyas (b) Rudra Akrosh
(c) Sudarshan Shakti (d) Shoor Veer
22.
The Indian Army undertook
Operation Meghdoot to establish
Indian control over
(a) Sir Creek (b) Alksai Chin
(c) Siachen Glacier (d) Drass Sector
23.
The Partnership Council was
launched the Strategic
Partnership Agreement signed in
the year 2011 between India and
(a) United States (b) China
(c) Maldives (d) Afghanistan
24.
The Treaty on Integrated
Development of Mahakali River
was signed between India and
(a) Pakistan (b) Nepal
(c) Bhutan (d) Bangladesh
25.
INS Vikramaditya, scheduled for
induction into the Indian Navy
soon, is the name given to
(a) an aircraft carrier
(b) a nuclear submarine
(c)□an□amphibious□assault□vessel
(d) a stealth ship
26.
Farkhor Air Base, operated by
the Indian Air Force, is situated
in which one among the following
countries?
(a) Kazakhstan (b) Uzbekistan
(c) Afghanistan (d) Tajikistan
27.
Which one among the following
statements about Mohammad
Nasheed of Maldives is not
correct?
(a) He was the first President of
Maldives to be elected through
Multiparty elections
(b) He become the President of
Maldives in the year 2008
(c) He was a strong advocate of the
policies of longtime President
Maumoon Abdul Gayoom
(d) He has been advocating and
promoting democracy and Human
Rights in Maldives
2013 (I)
28.
‘Global Dimming’ means
(a) gradual increase of the
temperature of ionosphere
(b) gradual loss of biodiversity hot
spots
(c) gradual reduction in the amount of
global direct irradiance at the Earth
surface
(d) gradual increase in the melting of
ice in polar regions
29.
Consider the following statement
Rich countries have largely
cheated the developing countries
of the 30 billion dollars of funds.
They had committed to transfer
to the poor ones between 2010
and 2012.
Which one among the following
relating to the above statement is
not correct?
(a) The above statement is a report
out of Oxfam research
(b) The developed nations only
provided one-third of the total
funding
(c) Green Peace International stated that
it is a ‘false start’ than a ‘fast start’
(d) Oxfam’s research report says that
levels of public climate finance are
set to fall in the year 2013 compared
to past 3 year
30.
Which one among the following
regarding G-20 is not correct?
(a) A group of developed countries
(b) An integral part of the United Nations
(c) Outside the World Bank and IMF
(d) An offshoot of G-7
31.
Outstanding historian Eric
Hobsbawm who expired on 1st
October, 2012, has authored a large
number of books. The title of his
famous autobiography is
(a) Bandits
(b) Uncommon People : Resistance,
Rebellion and Jazz
(c) The New Century : In Conversation
with Antonio Polito
(d) Interesting Times : A 20th Century
Life
32. Which one among the following was
added in the year 2012 in the list of
world heritage sites of the
UNESCO?
(a) Western Ghats
(b) Agra Fort
(c) Ajanta Caves
(d) Meenakshi Temple
33.
Which one among the following has
been included as a parameter for
the first time under the National
Ambient Air Quality Standards
(NAAQS) based on Central
Pollution Control Board and
IIT-Kanpur research, WHO
guidelines and European Union
limits and practices?
(a) Sulphur dioxide
(b) Oxides of nitrogen
(c) Ozone
(d) Carbon monoxide
34.
Consider the following statements
about Malala Yousafzai
1. In November, 2012, she was
awarded with the Bravery
Award by the World Peace and
Prosperity Foundation.
2. The United Nations declared
10th November as ‘Malala Day’
in honour of her contribution in
the field of girls’ education.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
--- PAGE 1292 ---
35. Why was Kaushik Basu, the
ex-economic advisor to the Prime
Minister of India, in news
recently? He was appointed as
(a) the President of the IMF
(b) the President of the World Bank
(c) the Economic Advisor of the
United Nations
(d) the Chief Economist of the World
Bank
36. Which one among the following
statements about Grigori
Perelman is not correct?
(a) He is a genius from Russia
(b) He rejected the offer of
professorship in Princeton and
Stanford University
(c) He works in the area of cosmology
(d) He has refused to accept the
‘Fields Medal’ and the ‘Millennium
Prize’ recently
37.
Mention the odd one out.
(a) Didier Drogba
(b) Oliver Kahn
(c) Lionel Messi
(d) Cristiano Ronaldo
38.
Which one among the following
countries initiated the process of
Fourth Wave of Democratic
Transition?
(a) Libya (b) Afghanistan
(c) Tunisia (d) Morocco
39.
The Rohingya are the minorities
of
(a) South Africa (b) Canada
(c) Myanmar (d) Bhutan
40.
The President of India on 20th
November, 2012 released a
commemorative postage stamp on
the occasion of Ramgopal
Maheshwari’s birth centenary
year celebration. Which of the
following statements regarding
Ramgopal Maheshwari is/are
correct?
1. He is regarded as a doyen of
journalism in India.
2. He was a trusted aid of Netaji
Subhash Chandra Bose and
helped him in mobilising the
forces of Indian National Army
in Kohima.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
41.
During the last part of November
2012, there was a severe fire
accident which took away the
lives of more than hundred people
in Bangladesh. The accident
occurred inside a
(a) textile factory
(b) jute factory
(c) polythene manufacturing factory
(d) cement factory
42.
Who among the following was
declared as the immediate future
President of China in the 18th
National Congress of the
Communist Party of China held
in November, 2012?
(a) Zhang Dejiang (b) Xi Jinping
(c) Liu Yunshan (d) Li Keqiang
43.
Some atheists, skeptics and
non-believers called to celebrate
‘25th December’ as Newtonmas
Day instead of observing
‘Christmas Day’. The reason they
propose that
(a) both Isaac Newton and Jesus
Christ were great
(b) Isaac Newton was born on 25th
December
(c) ‘Skeptic Society' was founded on
25th December
(d) Isaac Newton was a deep believer
of Christianity
44. Which one among the following
statements about Barack Obama
is not correct?
(a) In the year 2012, he was elected
as the President of USA for the
second time, defeating the
republican candidate Mitt Romney
(b) He is the first African-American
President of USA
(c) He is the first Democratic President
since Franklin D Roosevelt to twice
win the majority of the popular
vote in USA presidential election
(d) He is the only American President
who won the Nobel Peace Prize
2013 (II)
45.
The Pulitzer Prize for fiction in
the year 2013 has been
announced for the book
(a) ‘The Orphan Master’s Son’
authored by Adam Johnson
(b) ‘What We Talk About When We
Talk About Anne Frank’ authored
by Nathan Englander
(c) ‘The Snow Child’ authored by
Eowyn Ivey
(d) None of the above
46.
Which one among the following
Indian scientists has been awarded
the ‘2012 award for International
Science Cooperation’ by Chinese
Academy of Sciences?
(a) KS Srinivasan
(b) Sreekumar Banerjee
(c) DD Bhawalkar
(d) CNR Rao
47.
Which legendary actor has been
awarded the Dada Saheb Phalke
Award, 2012?
(a) Shashi Kapoor
(b) Pran Krishan Sikand
(c) Anupam Kher
(d) Soumitra Chatterjee
48.
Consider the following statements
1. Rafael Nadal won Men’s Singles
French Open Tennis
Tournament-2013, defeating
Spanish compatriot David
Ferrer.
2. This is Nadal’s maiden French
Open title.
Which of the statements given
above is/ are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
49.
Who among the following is the
author of the book, ‘Sachin : Born
to Bat—The Journey of Cricket’s
Ultimate Centurian’?
(a) Khalid AH Ansari (b) Boria Majumdar
(c) Kiran Nagarkar (d) Ed Hawkins
50.
Who among the following was not
associated with the art of painting?
(a) Abanindranath Tagore
(b) Abdur Rahman Chaghatai
(c) Nandlal Bose
(d) Satish Chandra Mukherjee
51.
‘Silent Spring’, considered by many
as one among the greatest science
books of all time, is written by
Rachel Carson. The book deals with
(a) wildlife preservation
(b) protection of the environment
(c) pollution of the water body
(d) None of the above
52.
On March 8, 2013 President of
India has released a
commemorative postage stamp on
late Sahir Ludhianvi at
Rashtrapati Bhawan. Ludhianvi
was
(a) the translator of the Omar Khayyam’s
Rubaiyat into Hindi
(b) an eminent social activist of India
(c) one of the top Urdu dramatists and
actor
(d) widely acclaimed as a people's poet
1087GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1293 ---
1088 CDS Pathfinder
53. VS Ramadevi, who died in
Bengaluru on April 17, 2013, was
the Governor of Karnataka and
Himachal Pradesh. What was
more specific about her? She was
the
(a) Governor of the two States
simultaneously
(b) only female Chief Election
Commissioner of India
(c) only female Indian High
Commissioner to United Kingdom
(d) Governor of Reserve Bank of India
54. In April, 2013, an agreement was
signed, between India and a
country which extends the use of
training and exercise facilities in
India to the army of that country
for a further period of five years
from August, 2013. Sort out the
country from among the following
(a) Malaysia (b) Singapore
(c) Myanmar (d) Bangladesh
55.
The Saudi Arabia Government
has recently decided to strictly
implement a law called Nitaqat
law. As a result
(a) 10% jobs in Saudi should be
reserved for Saudi nationals
(b) 50% jobs in Saudi should be
reserved for Saudi nationals
(c) A foreigner will be allowed to work
in Saudi Arabia for a maximum
period of 10 years
(d) ‘Foreigner’s’ job contracts in Saudi
Arabia will be on year to year
basis
56.
With which one among the
following countries, did India sign
a Memorandum of Understanding
on Cooperation in the field of
Election Management and
Administration (on April 12, 2013
in New Delhi)?
(a) Japan (b) Mauritius
(c) Thailand (d) Sri Lanka
57.
Which of the following statements
about India-China relations is/are
correct?
1. ‘Look East’ policy is a vital
part of the relationship.
2. There is an active defence
exchange programme.
3. Institutional mechanism to
share international waters is
in place.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below:
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 1 (d) 2 and 3
58.
Well known film ‘Chittagong’,
directed by Bedabrata Pain, is
mainly based on the life of
(a) Subodh Roy
(b) Binod Bihari Chowdhury
(c) Preetilata Wadedar
(d) Ganesh Ghosh
59.
British Scientist Robert Edwards,
winner of Nobel Prize for
Physiology and Medicine, passed
away on April 10, 2013. What
was so important about him?
(a) He was the pioneer in the field of
cloning
(b) He led the human genome project
(c) His pioneering works led to the
birth of the first test tube baby
(d) He discovered the artificial heart
60. Consider the following
statements
1. ISRO has recently given
clearance for using the
frequency from KU band for
using the satellite for internet
in trains in India.
2. KU frequency range is
allocated to be exclusively
used by satellite
communication system.
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
61.
The ‘Thomas Cup’ is associated
with
(a) Table Tennis (b) Lawn Tennis
(c) Badminton (d) Billiards
62.
Which one among the following
was the main demand of the
‘2013 Shahbag Protests’?
(a) Employment for all above eighteen
years
(b) Equal rights for men and women
(c) Capital punishment for those
convicted of crimes against
humanity during 1971, Bangladesh
Liberation War
(d) Introduction of Urdu and Arabic
languages as compulsory subjects
in primary education
2014 (I)
63.
Consider the following
statements about UN Frontline
Workers Global Leadership
Award
1. Martha Dodray, an auxiliary
nurse and midwife from
Bihar, was conferred the
Award in the year 2013.
2. Martha Dodray was awarded for
her dedicated service in the bird
flu affected areas of India.
Which of the statements given above
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
64.
Carefully read the following passage
and identify the person referred to
in that
Her best known works are The
Golden Notebook, Memoirs of a
Survivor and The Summer Before
the Dark . She was the oldest
recipient of the Nobel Prize in
Literature.
(a) Alice Munro (b) Doris Lessing
(c) Herta Muller (d) Elfriede Jelinek
65.
Which of the following statements
about Prof. CNR Rao is/are correct?
1. He is considered to be an
international authority in
solid-state and structural
chemistry.
2. He is the first Indian to reach
the H-index of 100, reflecting the
economy of the body of his
published research work.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below:
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
66.
Rachel Carson’s famous book,Silent
Spring refers to
(a) geology of terrain where river
originates
(b) ecology and degradation of a hot
spring due to excessive tourism
(c) biodiversity of an unknown terrain rich
in flora and fauna
(d) the death of songbirds due to eating
insects poisoned with pesticides
67. The concept of hegemony is used to
understand the capacity to
‘manufacture consent’. Here,
hegemony implies
1. class ascendency in ideological
spheres.
2. deploying ideological resources to
shape behaviour of weaker
states/powers.
3. provision of global public goods
by a dominant power.
4. military dominance in relative
and absolute terms.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 4 (d) Only 1
--- PAGE 1294 ---
68. Heena Sidhu, who recently won a
World Cup Gold Medal for India,
is associated with
(a) shooting (b) archery
(c) weightlifting (d) boxing
69.
Internal Security Academy is
located at
(a) Nashik (b) Mount Abu
(c) Hyderabad (d) Pune
70.
Indian Navy commissioned its
first Advanced Light Helicopter
Squadron at Kochi in November
2013. What is the name of the
helicopter?
(a) Chetak (b) Dhruv
(c) Rudra (d) Cheetah
71.
Consider the following statements
regarding Indian Ocean Rim
Association
1. The 13th Council of Ministers
meeting of the Association was
held in November 2013 in
Perth.
2. India was elected Chair of the
Association from 2013 to 2015.
3. There are twenty member
nations in the Association.
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
72.
Match the following
List I
(Author)
List II
(Concept/Book)
A. Hobbes 1. Natural Law
B. Rousseau 2. ‘Might is Right’
C. Locke 3. Discourse on
Inequality
D. Adam Smith 4. The Wealth of
Nations
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 1 3 4 (b) 2 3 1 4
(c) 4 3 1 2 (d) 4 1 3 2
73.
Non-military Confidence Building
Measures (CBMs) in a peace
process include
1. people to people contact across
borders.
2. literary and cultural interaction
under government and
non-governmental agencies.
3. increase in travel facilities.
4. joint initiatives to tackle common
socio-economic problems.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
74.
The Union Ministry of
Environment and Forest recently
approved in principle a proposal
for Western Ghats development
prepared K Kasturirangan-led
panel. The panel has
recommended a ban on
development activities in around
60000 sq km ecologically sensitive
area spread over
(a) Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil
Nadu, Maharashtra, Kerala and
Karnataka
(b) Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa,
Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu
(c) Odisha, Maharashtra, Goa, Kerala,
Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu
(d) Karnataka, Odisha, Gujarat, Kerala,
Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu
75.
Which of the following nations
were recently suspended with
regard to the voting rights by the
UNESCO for not paying their
dues to it?
1. USA 2. Israel 3. Iran 4.
Iraq
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 3 and 4 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
2014 (II)
76.
Which of the following is/are
department(s) in Ministry of
Defence?
1. Department of Defence
2. Department of Defence
Research and Development
3. Department of Defence
Production
4. Department of Defence Finance
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) Only 1
77.
Which of the following is/are
Paramilitary Force(s) of India?
1. Indian Coast Guard
2. Assam Rifles
3. Directorate General of
Resettlement
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 2 (d) 1 and 2
78.
‘Garuda-V’, concluded recently, is
a joint exercise between the Air
Forces of India and
(a) Japan (b) Canada
(c) Russia (d) France
79.
‘Arihant’ is the name of
(a) an infantry combat vehicle
(b) a ballistic missile
(c) an attack helicopter
(d) a nuclear-powered submarine
80.
Consider the following statements
about GAGAN (GPS Aided Geo
Augmented Navigation) system:
1. It offers free enhanced satellite
navigation signals over India
which are ten times more
precise than GPS.
2. It was developed jointly by ISRO
and NASA
Which of the statements given above
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
81.
Andaman and Nicobar Command is
(a) a Command of the Indian Army
(b) a regional Command of the Indian
Coast Guard
(c) an integrated theatre Command
operating directly under the Chiefs of
Staff Committee
(d) a joint Command of the Indian Navy
and the Indian Air Force
82.
Which one among the following is
not a Command of the Indian Army?
(a) South-Western Command
(b) South-Eastern Command
(c) Army Training Command
(d) Central Command
83.
Master Chief Petty Officer is a rank
in the
(a) Indian Navy
(b) Military Engineering Service
(c) Army Aviation Corps
(d) Indian Air Force
84.
‘Project Seabird’ is connected with
(a) greenfield naval base at West coast
of India
(b) anti-pirate operation at Somalia
(c) Indian Navy’s island development
project
(d) shipyard in Kutch district, Gujarat
85. Consider the following statements
about ‘Project Mausam’:
1. The project was launched in
June, 2014 by the Ministry of
External Affairs.
2. At the macro level, the project
aims to re-connect and
re-establish communications
between countries of the Indian
Ocean world, which would lead
to an enhanced understanding of
cultural values and concerns;
while at the micro level, the
focus is on understanding
national cultures in their
regional maritime milieu.
1089GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1295 ---
1090 CDS Pathfinder
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
86.
Consider the following statements
about Star Alliance network:
1. Established in the year 1997,
it is the leading global airline
network with the highest
number of member airlines,
daily flights, destinations and
countries flown to.
2. Air India has recently joined
the Star Alliance in a bid to
garner more revenue.
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
87.
Stepwell Rani-ki-Vav was
approved as a World Heritage
Site by the UNESCO recently. It
is located at
(a) Rajasthan
(b) Gujarat
(c) Madhya Pradesh
(d) Maharashtra
88.
Consider the following statements
1. World Vitiligo Day is observed
on June 25 every year.
2. Vitiligo is a progressive skin
disease.
Which of the statements given above
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
89.
Novak Djokovic, who won the
Men’s Wimbledon tennis
tournament 2014, is from
(a) Serbia (b) Spain
(c) Switzerland (d) England
90.
Consider the following statements
about Pragati missile system of
India
1. It is a short range solid fuel
missile system.
2. It has all weather day and
night operational launch
capability.
Which of the statements given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
91.
Match the following
List I
(Founder/First
Director)
List II
(Premier Research
Institute)
A. Vikram Sarabhai 1. Indian Statistical
Institute
B. Homi J. Bhabha 2. Jawaharlal Nehru
Centre for
Advanced
Scientific
Research
C. CNR Rao 3. T ata Institute of
Fundamental
Research
D. PC Mahalanobis 4. Physical
Research
Laboratory
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 3 2 1 (b) 4 2 3 1
(c) 1 3 2 4 (d) 1 2 3 4
2015 (I)
92.
Notification regarding
commencement or cessation of a
State of war is the responsibility
of
(a) Ministry of Home Affairs
(b) Ministry of Defence
(c) Ministry of External Affairs
(d) None of these
93.
Which of the following
statement(s) about caste
movements in early 20th century
Kerala is/are false?
1. Kerala’s first modern novel
Indulekha attacked the social
dominance of Nambudiri
Brahmans in Kerala.
2. CV Raman Pillai’s novel
Marthanda Varma was written
against the exploitation of
peasants by Nair landlords.
3. Sree Narayana Guru was one
of the founders of the Sree
Narayana Dharma Paripalana
Yogam that was engaged in
the upliftment of the Ezhavas
in Kerala.
4. Dr Palpu, the first Ezhava
graduate, was one of the
founders of the Sree Narayana
Dharma Paripalana Yogam
that was engaged in the
upliftment of the Ezhavas in
Kerala.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 2 (d) 2 and 4
94.
Which one among the following was
the theme of the International Day
for the Preservation of the Ozone
Layer 2014?
(a) Ozone Day—A Healthy Atmosphere,
The Future We Want
(b) Protecting Our Atmosphere for
Generations to Come
(c) HCFC Phase Out : A Unique
Opportunity
(d) Ozone Layer Protection : The Mission
Goes On
95. What was the claim to fame of
Dr Dwarkanath Kotnis?
(a) He provided succour to the poor
(b) He set-up hospitals in the difficult to
reach regions of India
(c) He was a leading Indian nationalist
(d) He laid down his life providing
medical help to the Eighth Route
Army
96.
Which among the following teams
won the Duleep Trophy Cricket
Tournament 2014?
(a) East Zone
(b) Central Zone
(c) West Zone
(d) South Zone
97.
What was the common element
among (i) GD Birla, (ii) Ambalal
Sarabhai and (iii) Walchand
Hirachand?
(a) They were leading members of the
socialist movement in India
(b) They were Indian industrialists
(c) They were nationalist leaders
(d) All of the above
98. Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
1. ‘Yudh Abhyas 2014’ was an
India-USA military exercise.
2. ‘Yudh Abhyas 2014’ was
conducted in Himachal Pradesh.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
99.
The Central Industrial Security
Force is under the administration
control of which of the following
ministries?
(a) Ministry Heavy Industries and
Public Enterprises
(b) Headquarters of the Integrated
Joint Staff
(c) Ministry of Home Affairs
(d) PMO
--- PAGE 1296 ---
100. Indian Coast Guard is
(a) a branch of the Indian Navy
(b) an organisation under the
Central Board of Excise and
Customs
(c) an organisation under the
Ministry of Defence
(d) a para-military force under the
Ministry of Home Affairs
101.
Seeking to revive historic ties,
the Indian Air Force has gifted
a vintage Dakota Aircraft from
its museum to (September,
2014)
(a) the Pakistan Air Force
(b) the Bangladesh Air Force
(c) the Chinese Air Force
(d) the Sri Lankan Air Force
102.
Which one of the following
statements is incorrect?
(a) The Armed Forces Tribunal has
the power to adjudicate
disputes relating to conditions
of service of persons subject to
the Army Act, 1950
(b) Findings and sentences of court
martial can be challenged
before the Armed Forces
Tribunal
(c) The Chairperson and members
of the Armed Forces Tribunal
shall be appointed only after
consultation with the Chief
Justices of India
(d) The Chairperson and members of
the Armed Forces Tribunal can
be removed only after
consultation with the Chief Justice
of India
103.
‘And Then One Day : A Memoir’
is an autobiography of
(a) Kamal Hasan
(b) Shahrukh Khan
(c) Naseeruddin Shah
(d) Karan Johar
2015 (II)
104.
Government of which one of the
following states has (in
May 2015) decided to withdraw
the Armed Forces Special Powers
Act from the state?
(a) Tripura
(b) Assam
(c) Nagaland
(d) Arunachal Pradesh
105.
Khan Saheb Osman Ali
Stadium is located at
(a) Karachi (b) Dhaka
(c) Fatullah (d) Chittagong
106.
31st May is celebrated as ‘World
No Tobacco Day’ by the World
Health Organisation. Which one
of the following was the theme of
the ‘World No Tobacco Day
2015’?
(a) Raise taxes on tobacco
(b) Stop illicit trade of tobacco
products
(c) Ban tobacco advertising,
promotion and sponsorship
(d) Tobacco free youth
107. ‘Red Flag’ is the name of a joint
exercise between India and
which one of the following
countries?
(a) China
(b) Saudi Arabia
(c) The USA
(d) Japan
108.
Who among the following is the
author of the autobiography
entitled Amar Katha (1913)?
(a) Satyajit Ray
(b) Rassundari Devi
(c) Ganesh Chandra Ghosh
(d) Binodini Dasi
109.
The Dashakumaracharita or
Tales of Ten Princes was
composed by
(a) Bhatti (b) Banabhatta
(c) Bhasa (d) Dandin
2016 (I)
110.
Which one of the following
services of ‘India Post’ has
permanently been discontinued?
(a) Money Order
(b) Telegram
(c) Postal Life Insurance
(d) Inland Letter
111.
Which of the following
statements about India’s
scientific and research mission
in Antarctica is/are correct?
1. The first scientific base
station in Antarctica was
Dakshin Gangotri.
2. Dakshin Gangotri is now
being used as supply base
and transit camp.
3. The Maitri station is manned
throughout the year for
scientific activities.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) 1, 2 and 3
112.
The first summit of the Forum for
India-Pacific Islands Cooperation
(FIPIC) was held in
(a) Jaipur (b) Suva
(c) New Delhi (d) Port Moresby
113.
Which of the following statements
relating to the Bandung
Conference on Afro-Asian
Resurgence (1955) are correct?
1. Bandung Conference was
organised by Indonesia,
Myanmar (Burma), Ceylon
(Sri Lanka), India, and Pakistan
in which 29 countries
representing more than half of
the world’s population sent
delegates.
2. The Conference reflected the
five sponsors’ dissatisfaction
with what they regarded as a
reluctance by the Western
powers to consult with them on
decisions affecting Asia.
3. The Conference was concerned
over tension between the
People’s Republic of China and
the United States.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 1, 2 and 3
114.
The Erawan Shrine, which
witnessed a major bomb blast in
August, 2015, is located at
(a) Singapore (b) Bangkok
(c) Kuala Lumpur (d) Kabul
115.
Who among the following is the
first Indian sportsperson to reach
the finals in the World Badminton
Championship (Women) in 2015?
(a) Jwala Gutta
(b) Saina Nehwal
(c) PV Sindhu
(d) Madhumita Bisht
116.
Leander Paes won the US Open
Mixed Doubles Tennis Title (2015)
partnering with
(a) Kristina Mladenovic
(b) Flavia Pennetta
(c) Martina Hingis
(d) Sania Mirza
117.
Who among the following is the
winner of the World Food Prize
(2015)?
(a) Sanjaya Rajaram
(b) Baldev Singh Dhillon
(c) Sir Fazle Hasan Abed
(d) Rajendra Singh Paroda
1091GENERAL STUDIES General Knowledge
--- PAGE 1297 ---
1092 CDS Pathfinder
118. ‘Citizenfour’, the 87th Academy
Award winner in the category of
documentary feature, is based on
the life of
(a) Abraham Lincoln
(b) Albert Einstein
(c) Edward Snowden
(d) Laura Poitras
119.
The rank of Major General in
Indian Army is equivalent to
(a) Air Marshal in Indian Air Force
(b) Rear Admiral in Indian Navy
(c) Air Commodore in Indian Air Force
(d) Commodore in Indian Navy
120.
Among the currently operational
Indian satellites, there is no
(a) communication satellite
(b) navigation satellite
(c) Earth observation satellite
(d) Jupiter orbiter satellite
ANSWERS
Practice Exercise
1 d 2 d 3 c 4 b 5 c 6 a 7 d 8 c 9 b 10 c
11 a 12 b 13 b 14 b 15 c 16 c 17 b 18 c 19 c 20 b
21 d 22 d 23 d 24 d 25 d 26 a 27 b 28 b 29 a 30 c
31 d 32 d 33 c 34 c 35 d 36 c 37 a 38 a 39 a 40 a
41 c 42 c 43 a 44 d 45 d 46 a 47 c 48 b 49 b 50 b
51 d 52 b 53 a 54 a 55 c 56 b 57 d 58 d 59 b 60 d
61 c 62 d 63 d 64 b 65 c 66 a 67 a 68 c 69 c 70 d
71 a 72 b 73 a 74 d 75 d 76 c 77 b 78 a 79 d 80 c
81 b 82 c 83 b 84 b 85 c 86 d 87 a 88 b 89 c 90 c
91 a 92 c 93 a 94 b 95 a 96 b 97 c 98 b 99 b 100 c
101 c 102 b 103 c 104 a 105 b 106 a 107 a 108 c 109 d 110 d
111 b 112 a 113 b 114 d 115 c 116 b 117 c 118 d 119 c 120 b
121 d 122 c 123 b 124 d 125 c 126 d 127 b 128 d 129 c 130 c
131 b 132 d 133 d 134 c 135 c 136 a 137 a 138 c 139 c 140 c
141 c 142 c
Questions from CDS Exam (2012-16)
1 b 2 d 3 b 4 c 5 d 6 a 7 c 8 c 9 b 10 d
11 d 12 a 13 a 14 c 15 a 16 a 17 c 18 b 19 b 20 d
21 b 22 c 23 d 24 b 25 a 26 d 27 c 28 c 29 a 30 a
31 d 32 a 33 c 34 a 35 d 36 a 37 b 38 c 39 c 40 a
41 a 42 b 43 b 44 d 45 a 46 d 47 b 48 a 49 a 50 d
51 b 52 d 53 b 54 b 55 a 56 b 57 c 58 a 59 c 60 c
61 c 62 c 63 a 64 b 65 c 66 d 67 b 68 a 69 b 70 b
71 c 72 b 73 d 74 b 75 b 76 b 77 c 78 d 79 d 80 a
81 c 82 b 83 a 84 a 85 b 86 c 87 b 88 c 89 a 90 c
91 a 92 c 93 c 94 d 95 d 96 b 97 b 98 a 99 c 100 c
101 b 102 d 103 c 104 a 105 c 106 b 107 c 108 d 109 d 110 b
111 d 112 b 113 d 114 b 115 b 116 c 117 c 118 c 119 b 120 d
