
--- PDF PAGE 1058 ---
853GENERAL STUDIES Geography
PART I PHYSICAL AND WORLD GEOGRAPHY
THE UNIVERSE
• The Universe is commonly defined as the totality of everythi ng that exists including all physical matter like the planet s,
stars, galaxies and the contents of intergalactic space and energy. The study of Universe is known as Cosmology.
• The Universe comprises of billions of galaxies. Galaxy is gi ant assemblies of stars, planets, gases and dust. These gala xies
are made up of millions of stars held together by the force of g ravity and these stars account for most of the masses of the
galaxy. Andromeda is our nearest galaxy.
• Our own galaxy is called the Milky Way (the Akash Ganga) and it contains about 300 billion stars and one of these is
our Sun. Planets and other objects go round the Sun and make up the solar system with the Sun at the centre.
• In AD 140, Ptolemy propounded the theory that the Earth was at the centre of the U niverse and the Sun and the other
heavenly bodies revolved around it.
• In 1543, Copernicus said that the Sun is at the centre of the Universe and not the Ea rth. Kepler supported Copernicus
but said that the Sun is the centre of solar system and not the U niverse.
• In 1924, Edwin Hubble first demonstrated the existence of galaxies beyond Milky W ay.
Structurally, the galaxies are found in three forms as follo w
i. Spiral have a central nucleus with great spiral arms. Milky Way and A ndromeda are the examples of it.
ii. Elliptical without spiral arms.
iii. Irregular with no shape.
The Geography section of the CDS examination plays an important role as around 12-14 questions are
asked every year . It includes both Indian as well as world geography. Topics which are asked include Earth
structure, Atmosphere, Rivers, Mountains, Oceanography, Latitude and Longitude, Location of important
industries etc.
02
GEOGRAPHY
--- PDF PAGE 1059 ---
854 CDS Pathfinder
Evolution of Universe
The three main theories put forward to explain the origin and
evolution of the Universe are as follows :
i. Big Bang Theory (Proposed by Georges Lemaitre) Big
Bang was an explosion that occurred 13.8 billion years ago,
leading to the formation of galaxies of stars and other
heavenly bodies.
ii. Steady State Theory This theory was proposed by Bondi,
Gold and Fred Hoyle. According to this theory, new
galaxies are continuously being formed and older ones are
destroyed. The overall size of the Universe remains constan t.
iii. The Pulsating Theory According to this theory, the
Universe is supposed to be expanding and contracting
alternately i.e. pulsating. At present, the Universe is
expanding.
SOLAR SYSTEM
• The solar system comprises the Sun and 8 planets and their
moons and other non-stellar objects, which are believed to
have been developed from the condensation of gases and other
lesser bodies. The size of solar system has been estimated
about 10
5 Astronomical Unit (AU).
• The Sun is at the centre of the solar system and all the planets
revolve around it in elliptical orbit. It is the nearest star to the
Earth.
• It also consists of Interstellar debris such as asteroids,
meteoroids, comets, electrically charged gases, called Plasma and
interplanetary dust particles. The components of solar sys tem
other than planets, dwarf planets and satellites are called as
Small Solar System Bodies (SSSB).
THE SUN
• The Sun accounts for more than 99% of the mass of the solar
system and due to this, the Sun exerts immense gravitational
pull to keep the planets rotating around it in definite ellip tical
orbits.
• The Sun is the major source of energy in the solar system. The
energy is provided by the nuclear fusion reaction, that
converts hydrogen into helium in the core of the Sun.
• Super-imposed on Sun’s white light are hundred of dark lines
called Fraunhofer lines. Each line indicates some elements
present in the solar system.
Concepts Associated with the Sun
• Solar Winds The Sun is continuously emitting streams of
proton in all directions either as spiral streams called Solar
Wind or bouts of incandescent material called Solar Flares .
Solar flares being hot ionised gases pose danger to satellit e
communication.
• Aurora The constituent particles of the solar
wind are trapped by the Earth’s magnetic field and
enter the Earth’s upper atmosphere as Aurora. It is
described as Aurora Borealis in the Northern
hemisphere and Aurora Australis in Southern
hemisphere.
• Plages and Sunspots The surface of the Sun is
continuously changing. Bright spots are called
Plages and dark spots are called Sunspots. The
Sunspots are cold and dark regions on the Sun’s
surface with a periodicity of 11 years. These spots
greatly influence the global climate.
Planets
A planet is a heavenly body that moves in an orbit
around a star, such as the Sun. There are 8 planets in
solar system. These planets move around the Sun in
the fixed path.
Mercury
• It is the innermost and smallest planet in the solar
system.
• Mercury is nearest to the Sun, having rotation
period is 58.65 days and revolution period is of
88 days (fastest in solar system) with no satellite,
it has the highest diurnal range of temperature and
has the shortest year.
Venus
• Also known as Earth’s twin, morning star and
evening star. Brightest heavenly body after the
Sun and the Moon because of 70% albedo. Venus
is closest planet to Earth.
• It is hottest planet in our solar system because of
97% CO2. It is slightly smaller than the Earth (500
km less in diameter). It rotates clockwise (East to
West) and it does not have satellite.
• It has slowest rotation period in our solar system
(257 days) and have almost equal rotation and
revolution (224.7 days) period.
Mars
• Mars is the fourth nearest planet to the Sun. It is
also known as Red Planet because it appears as a
reddish ball when looked through a telescope.
• Its revolution period is 687 days and rotation
period is of 24.6 hrs (almost equal to that of Earth),
it has two satellites Phobos and Deimos and it has
signs of water, hence, there a possibility of life.
• Various space missions have been sent e.g. Vikings,
Pathfinder, Mars Odyssey, Mars Obriter Mission.
--- PDF PAGE 1060 ---
855GENERAL STUDIES Geography
Jupiter
• Largest of all planets, almost 11
times of the Earth, it is also
called Lord of the Heavens.
• It has fastest rotational time in
our solar system (9.8 hrs) and
revolution period is of 12
years, it has 16 satellites
(prominent are Europa,
Ganymede and Callisto).
• Europa resembles the living
condition like that of the Earth.
Ganymede is the largest satellite
of our Solar system.
Saturn
• Second largest planet (in size)
after Jupiter and Least dense of
all (30 times less dense than the
Earth). It has revolution period
of 29 years and rotation period
is of 10.3 hours.
• It has around 62 satellites. Titan
is the most prominent one. Its
atmosphere is dominated by
presence of nitrogen. It has a
system of three well defined
rings.
Uranus
• Identified as a planet in 1781 by
William Hershal. It rotates from
North to South as it is
inclined at an angle of 98° to its
orbit, and it has revolution
period of 84 years and rotation
period is of 10.8 years.
• Like Saturn, it is also
surrounded by a system of 5
faint rings and it has 21
satellites (Miranda, Ariel etc.)
Neptune
• Appears as ‘Greenish Star’
because of presence of
‘Methane’. It has revolution
period of 165 years and
rotation period is of 15.7 days.
• Discovered by JG Galle of
Berlin in 1846. Its prominent
satellite are ‘Trion and Neroid’.
Uranus and Neptune are called
Jovion Twins.
PLUTO
Pluto was discovered in 1930 and
was considered as ninth planet in
our solar system. However, it is
no longer considered a planet
now. It orbits beyond the orbit of
Neptune.
It is much smaller than any of
the official planets and now
classified as a dwarf planet . It is
the second largest dwarf planet in
the solar system.
Facts Related to Planets
• Biggest planet – Jupiter
• Smallest planet – Mercury
• Biggest satellite – Ganymede
• Smallest satellite – Deimos
• Blue planet – Earth
• Green planet – Uranus
• Brightest planet – Venus
• Brightest star – Sirius (Dog Star)
• Closest Star of solar system –
Proxima Centauri
• Coldest planet – Neptune
• Evening star – Venus
• Red planet – Mars
• Slowest revolution in solar
system – Neptune
• Slowest rotation in solar system
– Venus
• Earth’s twin – Venus
• Only satellite with an atmosphere
like Earth – Titan
Comet
• A comet is a member of the
Sun’s family, part of the solar
system. Comet travels on a path
or elliptical orbit around the Sun
on a regular schedule.
• It may have originated from a
huge cloud the ‘oort cloud’ that
is thought to surround the solar
system.
• It has a head and a tail. Its tail
originates once it gets closer to
the Sun. The brightest part of the
comet is head (coma) and it is
made up of solid matter
combined with gases.
Asteroids
• Asteroids or minor planets circle in a broad
belt between the orbits of Mars and
Jupiter.
• It is the debris left over from the formation
of inner planets, also called ‘ planetoids’ or
small planets and they are chunks of rock
covered in frozen gases.
Meteoroids, Meteors and
Meteorites
• Meteoroids are small bodies that travel
through space. Meteoroids are smaller than
Asteroids, most are smaller than the size of
a pebble.
• A meteor is a meteoroid that has entered
the Earth’s atmosphere, usually making a
fiery trail as it falls. It is sometimes called a
shooting star or a falling star .
• A meteor shower is a phenomenon in which
many meteors fall through the atmosphere
in a relatively short time and in
approximately parallel trajectories. A very
intense meteor shower is called a Meteor
storm.
• A Meteorite is a meteor that has fallen to
Earth. Meteorites are made up of rock
and/or metals.
The Moon
• Moon is the only natural satellite of Earth.
It has no atmosphere as due to weak
gravitational force the gases easily escape
from its surface.
• Only 59% of Moon surface is directly
visible from Earth. It takes 27 days, 7 hrs,
43 min and 11.47 sec to complete one
revolution around the Earth. It rotates on
its axis in exactly the same time as that in
revolution. That is why we see only one
side of the Moon.
Phases of the Moon
• Due to its spherical shape, only one-half of
the Moon gets illuminated by the Sun.
• Visible surface of Moon is not same
everyday because it revolves round the
Earth and visible shape of the Moon are
referred to as the phases of the Moon.
– New Moon This is the phase when the
Moon is between the Earth and the Sun
and consequently the part of the Moon
facing us is in complete darkness.
(New Moon = No Moon)
--- PDF PAGE 1061 ---
856 CDS Pathfinder
– Full Moon This occurs on the 14th day after the
New Moon. The Moon at this time shows its fully
lighted surface. (Full Moon = Complete Moon)
• When two full Moons occurs in a single month, the
second full Moon is called a Blue Moon .
Stars
• Stars are heavenly bodies made up of hot burning gases,
thus shine by their own light. If the star is bigger than
the Sun but not more than twice as big, it will turn into
a Neutron star or Pulsar. They are formed due to
novae and supernovae explosion.
• A star’s colour indicates the temperature of its surface.
Blue colour denotes maximum temperature. Then comes
yellow, then red etc.
Evolutionary Stages of a Star
i. Adult Star It is the stage, where the helium core
becomes increasingly heavy, accompanied with
expanding outer layers.
ii. Red Giant This stage results into swelling and
reddening of the outer regions of the star. Such star
of gigantic dimension is called Red star.
iii. White Dwarf If the mass of the star is relatively
small like that of our Sun, the gases that reach the
outer layer are expelled. As these expelled gases cool
and contract, the star becomes a white dwarf.
THE EARTH
• It is the 5th largest planet of our solar system. Only
planet of our solar system where life exists. It is also
called ‘ Blue Planet ’. It has circumference of 40008 km
(polar) and equatorial circumference 40075 km and area
of nearly 510 million sq kms.
• Perigee Nearest position of Earth to Moon (356000 km).
• Apogee Farthest position of Earth from Moon
(407000 km).
• Aphelion Farthest position of Earth from Sun on 4th
July, about 152 million km.
• Perihelion Nearest position of Earth to Sun on 3rd
January, about 147 million km.
• The history of the Earth is studied in terms of geological
years, periods and the epochs.
Shape of the Earth
The Earth is an oblate spheroid, a sphere flattened along the
axis from pole to pole such that there is a buldge around the
equator. Earth bulges at the equator and is flattened at
the poles. The shape of Earth is also called Geoid. Geodesy
is a branch of science which deals with measuring the
Earth’s size and shape.
The Earth’s Movement
The Earth moves in space in two distinct ways rotation and
revolution, which are as follow
i. It rotates on its own axis from West to East once in
every 24 hrs. It causes day and night.
ii. It revolves around the Sun in an orbit once in every
365¼ days. It causes the seasons and the year.
Rotation of the Earth
• Earth spins on its imaginary axis from West to East in
23 hrs, 56 min and 40.91 sec. The rotational speed at
equator is maximum (1667 km/hr) and then decreases
towards the poles, where it is zero.
• The rotation of the Earth causes day and night, change
in the direction of winds and ocean currents, rise and
fall of tides everyday and a difference of 1 hr between
the two meridians which are 15° apart.
• The division between day and night over the Earth is
considered by the circle of illumination. The circle of
illumination always bisect the equator and divides Earth
into light and dark halves i.e. a day hemisphere and a
night hemisphere.
Revolution of the Earth
• It is the Earth’s motion in elliptical orbit around the
Sun. It takes 365 days, 5 hrs, 48 min and 45.51 sec. It
leads to one extra day in every fourth year.
The revolution of the Earth results in
i. change of season.
ii. variation of the length of the days and nights at
different times of the year.
iii. shifting of the wind belts.
The figures below shows the revolution of the Earth and
its effects on seasons and the variations of lengths of day
and night.
23rd September
21st March
Autumn in N.Hemisphere
Spring in S.Hemisphere
Summer in S.Hemisphere
Winter in N.Hemisphere
Equator
Equator
21st June
22nd DecemberA
B
C
D
North
Pole
South Pole
South
Pole
North Pole
SUN
Equal Day and Night
Artic
Circle
Antartic
Circle
Equal Day and Night
Summer in N. Hemisphere
Autumn in S. Hemisphere
Winter in S. Hemisphere
Spring in S. Hemisphere
--- PDF PAGE 1062 ---
857GENERAL STUDIES Geography
Equinoxes
• These are the days, when days and nights are equal.
Under this situation, the Sun is vertically overhead at
the equator. It happens on 2 days of the year i.e.
21st March and 23rd September.
• 21st March Vernal equinox and 23rd September
Autumnal equinox .
Summer Solstice
• After the March equinox, the Sun appears to move
Northward and is vertically overhead at the Tropic
of Cancer on 21st June. This is known as Summer
Solstice.
• On 21st June, the Northern hemisphere will have its
longest day and shortest night. The Southern
hemisphere will have shortest day and longest night.
Winter Solstice
On 22nd December, the Sun is overhead at the Tropic
of Capricorn and this is the winter solstice. Southern
hemisphere will have its longest day and shortest night.
Latitude
• Latitude is the angular distance of a point on Earth
surface from the centre of Earth, measured in degree.
These lines are called parallels of latitude and on the
globe they are circles. The circumference of the
circles decreases from equator to pole and at the pole
it converge to a point.
• The distance between any two parallels of latitude is
always equal. One degree latitude = Approx 111 km
• The most important lines of latitudes are equator
(0°), the Tropic of Cancer (23½°N), the Tropic of
Capricorn (23½°S), the Arctic Circle (66½°N) and
the Antarctic Circle (66½°S).
Longitude
• Longitude is the angular distance of a point on the
Earth surface along the equator, East or West from
the Prime meridian . On the globe, they form semi
circles from pole to pole passing through the
equator.
• Prime meridian is the semi circle from pole to pole,
from which all the other meridians radiate Eastwards
and Westwards up to 180°. In 1884, it was decided
that the zero meridian is one that passes through the
Royal Astronomical Observatory at Greenwich near
London.
• 180° meridian (International Date Line) is exactly
opposite to the Prime meridian. Such points are
called Antipodal Points.
Universal Time (Standard Time)
and Time Zones
• The Earth is divided in 24 longitudinal zones, each being
15° or 1 hrs apart in time (360° = 24 hours, 360/24 =15° in
1 hrs or 1° in 4 minute) called Standard Time Zones.
• Larger countries such as USA, Russia and Canada, which
have greater East-West stretch have to adopt several time
zones for practical purposes.
• Russia has as many as 11 time zones.
• Both USA and Canada have five time zones, viz the
Atlantic, Eastern, Central, Mountain and Pacific time zone s.
• To avoid confusion about having many local times within
one country, a particular meridian is chosen for the whole
country, whose time is known as Standard Time.
• The Indian Government has accepted the meridian of 82.5°
East for standard time, which is 5 hrs 30 min ahead of the
Greenwich Mean Time GMT and is situated at Naini near
Allahabad.
INTERNATIONAL DATE LINE
● It is the 180° meridian running over the Pacific ocean
deviating at Fiji, Samoa and Gilbert Islands. This
meridian is considered to be deviated at the land
masses, so that the travellers do not feel inconvenient.
● One who is crossing the Date Line from West to East
repeats a day and the one who travellers crossing it
from East to West losses a day.
ECLIPSES
• An eclipse occurs when the Sun, Moon and Earth are in a
straight line. There are two types of eclipses-Solar and
Lunar eclipse.
• Generally, a total of seven eclipse including solar and luna r
eclipses, take place in a year.
Solar Eclipse
• Solar eclipse occurs when Moon comes between the Sun and
the Earth. It can be partial or total.
• It happen only on a new Moon day when the Moon is in
line with the Sun. A solar eclipse doesn’t occur on every
new Moon day.
Earth
Moon
Pathof the Moon
Sun
Solar Eclipse
--- PDF PAGE 1063 ---
858 CDS Pathfinder
Lunar Eclipse
Lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth comes in
between the Sun and the Moon. It occurs only on
a full Moon day but not on every full Moon day
because the Moon is not in the same position in
relation to that of the Earth and the Sun on every
full Moon day.
STRUCTURE OF
EARTH’S INTERIOR
The interior of Earth is divided into three parts
The Crust
• The crust is the outermost and the thinnest layer
of the Earth. This layer has the least density and
its thickness varies about 8 to 40 km.
Mohorovic or Moho Discontinuity , marks
the lower limit of the crust and this
discontinuity is identified on the basis of rock
density.
• The rocks forming the crust of the Earth are
rich in lighter minerals like silica and aluminium.
Hence, this layer is also called as Sial (silica
and aluminium). The average density of this
layer is 2.7 gm/cm
3.
The Mantle
• It is about 2900 km in thickness, composed of minerals in a sem i
solid state. It is further divided into two layer upper mantl e and
lower mantle. The upper part of the mantle is called
Asthenosphere, which is about 250 km thick.
• Due to presence of minerals like silica and magnesium in the
rocks forming this layer of the Earth, the mantle layer is als o
known as Sima (silica and magnesium). The average density of
this layer is about 5.68 gm/cm
3.
• The transitional zone separating the mantle from the core is
called the Gutenberg Discontinuity.
The Core
• The core is the innermost layer of the Earth and occupies its
center. It is about 3500 km in radius. This layer is also known as
Nife (nickel and iron), because this layer contain large
concentration of iron and nickel.
• Density of this part of the Earth is 17.2 gm/cm 3 and is many
times greater than the average density of the Earth (5.53
gm/cm
3).
DISCONTINUITIES
The various layers are separated by dicontinuities, which a re
evident in seismic data.
● Conrad discontinuity lies between upper crust and
lower crust.
● Mohorovicic discontinuity between crust and mantle.
● Repetti discontinuity lies between upper mantle and
lower mantle.
● Gutenberg discontinuity between core and mantle.
Here, the Earth’s density as well as velocity of P waves
increases.
● Lehmann discontinuity divides upper core and lower
core.
Composition of Whole Earth
Iron (35%), Oxygen (30%), Silicon (15%), Magnesium (13%),
Nickel (2.4%), Sulphur (1.9%).
Composition of Earth’s Crust
Oxygen (46%), Silicon (28%), Aluminium (8%), Iron (6%),
Magnesium (4%), Calcium (2.4%), Potassium (2.3%), Sodium
(2.1%).
Continental Drift Theory
• This theory was given by Alfred Wagener , in 1915, to explain
the origin and evolution of the continents and the oceans.
• According to this theory, about 250 million years ago, there was
only one continent named Pangea means All Earth and it was
surrounded by one mass of water body, named Panthalassa.
• The present shape of the continents and oceans is due to the
break up of Pangaea. This breaking process started about 200
million years ago.
Earth
Moon
Sun
Path of the Moon
Lunar Eclipse
Inter
Core
Outer
Core
Lower
Mantle
Upper Mantle
2.90
3.3
4.3
5.5
10.0
12.3
13.3
13.6
0
30
200
700
2900
5150
6371
Density Crust Depth (km)
Interior Structure of Earth
--- PDF PAGE 1064 ---
• The Northern rift cuts Pangaea from East to West
creating Laurasia in the North and Gondwanaland
in South. A shallow sea called Tethys was situated
between the Laurasia and the Gondwanaland.
Plate Tectonics Theory
• The theory of Plate tectonics states that the
lithosphere is divided into several rigid segments,
which include both oceanic and continental crusts.
These segments are called plates and they are
moving on the asthenosphere, which is not a liquid,
but a solid which flows under stress.
• About 20 such plates have been identified. There are
seven major plates Eurasia, Antarctica, North
America, South America, Pacific, African and Indian
Plate.
• Most of the Earth’s seismic activity, volcanism and
mountain building occur along with these dynamic
boundaries.
Depending upon the type of movement, plate margins
are of three types
i. Divergent Plate Margin (Constructive margins)
ii. Convergent Plate Margin (Destructive margins)
iii. Parallel Plates Margin (Conservative margin or
Transform boundary)
• Collision can occur between two oceanic plates, one
oceanic and one continental plate or two continental
plates.
Due to collision three types of plate boundaries appears,
which are as follow
Divergent Plate
Boundary
Convergent Plate
Boundary
Transform Fault
Boundary
When the plates move
apart with the upwelling
of material from the
mantle, divergent plate
boundary results.
A convergent plate
boundary is one, where
two plates collide, one
plate bending downward
and subducting below
the other.
They are located,
where plates
slide past one
another without
the creation or
destruction of
crust.
Formation of the mid
oceanic ridges are the
example of divergent
plate margin.
Deep oceanic trench is
formed adjacent to the
zone of subduction.
Fold mountains are the
result of convergent
plate boundary.
San Andreas
Fault along the
West coast of
Mexico is a
famous transform
fault.
Example
Surtsey Island was born
along with mid-Atlantic
ridge.
Example
Himalayan boundary
fault, Pacific ring of fire.
Example
San Andreas
Fault along the
Western coast of
USA.
Forces Affecting Earth’s Crust
Study of forces affecting the crust of the Earth is very
important as these forces and resultant movements are
responsible for creation, modification and destruction
of various landforms over the Earth’s surface.
These forces are classified into endogenetic and exogeneti c forces
Endogenetic Forces
The forces coming from within the Earth are called
Endogenetic Forces. The heat inside the Earth is primary
driving force of these forces. These forces are further classified
into two categories
i. Sudden or Catastrophic Forces These forces act very
swiftly and often in an unpredictable manner. Earthquake
and volcanoes are major sudden forces.
ii. Slow or Diastrophic Forces These forces act in an
imperceptible manner where changes are discernible after
millions of year. These forces are further classified into
tensional and compressional forces.
Exogenetic Forces
These forces and processes occur over the Earth’s surface an d
modify the landforms from outside. Erosion and weathering
are two major phenomena of denudation of geomorphic
features by exogenetic forces.
EARTHQUAKES
• It refers to the vibration of the Earth’s surface caused by th e
endogenetic forces. The magnitude or intensity of energy
released by an earthquake is measured by the Richter Scale ,
whereas the damage caused is measured by modified Mercalli
Intensity Scale.
• The place of origin of earthquake is called focus. The place
on the ground surface, which is perpendicular to the focus
or hypocentre is called epicentre. Seismology is the special
branch of geology that deals with the study of earthquake.
• The waves generated by earthquake are called seismic waves
and they are classified into three types :
i. Primary Wave (P Waves) These are the waves of short
wavelength and high frequency. They are longitudinal
waves and can travel through solid, liquid and gases.
ii. Secondary Wave (S Waves) These are the waves of
short wavelength and high frequency. They are
transverse waves, which travel through all solid particles .
iii. Surface Waves or Long Waves (L Waves) They are
the waves of long wavelength, confined to the upper
layer of the Earth’s crust. It causes most of the
earthquake’s structural damage.
• Imaginary lines on map connecting the places where the
seismic wave arrives generated by an earthquake, at the same
time are known as Homoseismal Lines .
Distribution of Earthquakes
Most of the world earthquake occurs in
• The zones of young fold mountain, zones of folding and
faulting, junction of continental and oceanic margin, zone
of active volcanoes and along different plate boundaries.
The traditional zones of earthquake are
• Circum Pacific belt, Mid Continental belt and Mid
Atlantic belt.
859GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1065 ---
860 CDS Pathfinder
VOLCANISM
• Volcanism includes all phenomena connected with
the movement of heated material from the interior
towards the surface of the Earth.
• A volcano is a vent or opening, through which
heated materials consisting of gases, water, liquid
lava, fragments of rocks are ejected from the
highly heated interior to the surface of the Earth.
• Volcanic eruptions are closely associated with
several integrated processes such as gradual
increase in temperature with increasing depth, due
to the heat generated by degeneration of
radioactive elements inside the Earth.
• Origin of magma due to the lowering of the
melting point caused by reduction in pressure of
overlying rocks due to fractures caused by
splitting of plates.
Classification of Volcanoes
On the basis of mode of eruption :
Central Eruption or Explosive Type Here, the
magma comes with great force through the
small vent and spread to a distant position. e.g.,
Hawaiian type, Strombolian type, Pelean type,
Vesuvius type, Volcanion type.
Fissure Eruption or Quiet Eruption Large
quantities of lava quietly flow up from fissures
and spread out over the surrounding areas.
Successive flow of lava results in the growth of
lava plateau. e.g., Deccan Plateau.
On the basis of periodicity of eruptions :
Active Volcano Volcano which errupt periodically.
e.g., Etna, Stromboli, Mayon
Dormant Volcano Volcano which become quiet
after their eruption for sometime. e.g., Fujiyama,
Krakatoa, Barren Island
Extinct Volcano They have no indication of future
eruption.
Various Volcanic Belts
Circum-Pacific Belt (Fire girdle of the Pacific or
the fire ring of the Pacific). It extends across the
Kamchatka Peninsula, Kurile Islands, the Islands
of Japan, Philippines, New Guinea, New
Zealand and the Soloman Islands.
Highest Volcanic Peaks Cotopaxi (South
America), Fujiyama (Japan), valley of ten
thousand smokes (Alaska).
Mid-Continental Belt (Volcanic zones of convergent continental
plate Margins). It includes volcanoes of Alpine mountain
chain, the Mediterranean sea and the fault zone of Eastern
Africa of Stromboli, Vesuvius, Etna, Kilimanjaro etc.
Mid-Atlantic Belt The volcanoes are fissure eruption type e.g.
Iceland, Canary Islands, Cape Verde, Azores etc.
ROCKS
The solid part of the Earth’s crust are called rocks. The rock s are
made up of two or more minerals.
Rocks are classified in three main types depending on the pro cess
of their formation
1. Igneous Rocks
• Formed due to the cooling, solidification and crystallisat ion of
hot and molten magma. They are called as the primary rocks
as all the other rocks are formed directly or indirectly from the
igneous rocks .
• It is believed that the igneous rocks were formed during each
period of geological history of the Earth. They are hard,
granular and crystalline rock, less affected by chemical
weathering. Moreover, it does not have any fossil or does not
form any strata or layers of lava.
Classification of Igneous Rocks
On the basis of mode of occurrence :
• Intrusive Rocks They are formed due to the solidification of
rising magma below the surface of the Earth. e.g. Granite,
Lapolith, Batholiths, Sills etc.
• Extrusive Rocks They are formed due to cooling and
solidification of hot and molten magma at the Earth surface.
e.g. Basalt, Gabbro etc.
• On the basis of silica content :
– Acidic It has more silica content e.g. Granite.
– Basic It has less silica content e.g. Gabbro.
2. Sedimentary Rocks
• It is formed due to the aggregation and compaction of sedimen ts
derived from the older rocks, plants, animals and contains f ossils
of plants.
• Sedimentary rocks can be classified on the basis of the natur e
of sediments as mechanically, chemically and organically
formed rocks.
3. Metamorphic Rocks
• These are the changed form of igneous and sedimentary rocks.
These are the rocks, which change either in form or
composition without disintegration.
• Already formed metamorphic rocks are metamorphosed and
this process is called Metamorphosis. The agents of
metamorphism are heat, compression and solution.
--- PDF PAGE 1066 ---
861GENERAL STUDIES Geography
Sedimentary Rocks Metamorphic Rocks
Limestone Marble
Sandstone Quartzite
Shale/Clay Slate, Phyllite, Schist,
Coal Diamond or Graphite
Original Rocks Metamorphic Rocks
Sandstone Quartzite
Limestone Marble
Shale and mudstone Slate
Granite Gneiss
Coal Graphite coal
Clay Slate
WEATHERING
• It is the process of disintegration
or decomposition of rocks in Situ
by natural agents. It is a static process.
There are three types of weathering as given
below
i. Physical Weathering (or mechanical
weathering)
(a) It involves rock disintegration
without any change in the chemical
constituents of the rocks.
(b) The factors responsible for physical
weathering are temperature change,
crystallisation of water into ice and
pressure release mechanism.
ii. Chemical Weathering It involves
decomposition due to chemical changes.
There are various chemical processes,
which cause chemical weathering such as
Solution, Oxidation, Carbonation,
Hydration, Hydrolysis and Chelation.
iii. Biological Weathering Plants and
animals including man largely control it.
It is divided into three types
(a) Faunal weathering
(b) Floral weathering
(c) Anthropogenic weathering
Erosion
It involves removal of rock material and then
its transportation. Therefore, erosion is
performed by mobile agents such as streams,
wind, waves and underground water.
LANDFORMS
• A landform is a feature on the Earth’s
surface. It may be either the terrain,
mountains, hills, plateaus or plains.
• Minor landforms include buttes, canyons,
valleys and basins etc.
• Tectonic plate movement under the Earth can create landform s by
pushing up mountains and hills.
Major classification of landforms on the basis of their proc ess of origin is
given as under :
Fluvial Landforms
A fluvial landform is a feature resulting from the movement o f water on
the Earth’s surface. Flowing water is the most important for ce shaping
the Earth.
i. Erosional Landforms Erosional landforms made by river are
u-shaped valley, potholes, plunge pools, meanders, river t erraces etc.
ii. Depositional Landforms Depositional landforms made by river are
alluvial fans, deltas, floodplains, natural levees, point bars etc.
Karst Landforms
Any limestone or dolomite region showing typical landforms produced
by the action of ground water through the processes of soluti on and
deposition is called Karst Topography.
i. Erosional Landforms Pools, sinkholes, lapies and limestone
pavement, caves are important erosional landforms made by
underground water.
ii. Depositional Landforms Stalactites, stalagmites, pillars etc are
important depositional landforms of underground water.
Glacial Landforms
The movement of glaciers is slow unlike the water flow. The mo vement
could be a few centimetres to a few metres a day or even less. Gl aciers
move basically because of the force of gravity.
i. Erosional Landforms Cirque/Corrie U–shaped valley, horns,
serrated ridges, glacial troughs, hanging valleys etc are i mportant
erosional landforms made by glaciers.
ii. Depositional Landforms Moraines, eskers, outwash plains,
drumlins etc are depositional landforms made by glaciers.
Coastal Landforms
Coastal landforms are formed by erosion or deposition throu gh sea
waves, aided by currents tides and storms in coastal areas.
i. Erosional Landforms Cliffs, terraces, caves, stacks etc are
important landforms made by oceanic waves.
ii. Depositional Landforms Beaches, dunes, bars, barriers, spits etc
are important depositional landforms made by sea and oceani c
waves.
Aeolian Landforms
Wind is one of the most dominant agents in hot deserts. The win d action
creates a number of interesting erosional land depositiona l features in the
deserts.
Aeolian landforms are regions where erosion and deposition by wind are
dominant geomorphic forces in shaping the landform. They ar e formed
in hot deserts, coastal zones and fields.
i. Erosional Landforms Pediments, pediplains, playas, deflation
hollows, mushroom rock, table rock, pedestal rocks etc are e rosional
landforms in deserts.
ii. Depositional Landforms Sand dunes, barchans, seifs etc are
depositional landforms made by wind.
--- PDF PAGE 1067 ---
862 CDS Pathfinder
MOUNTAINS
Based on their mode of formation four main types of
mountains can be distinguished.
Fold Mountains
• It is formed due to the compressive forces generated by
endogenetic forces (earthquake, landslide etc.)
• Example of Fold mountains are Himalayas, Alps, Andes,
Rockies, Atlas etc.
• On the basis of age, fold mountains are grouped into
– Young/New Fold Mountains It came into existence
after the continental drift, e.g. Himalayas, Andes,
Rockies, Alps. Himalayas are regarded as the youngest
mountains in the world.
– Old Fold Mountains They belong to pre-drift era,
e.g. Pennines (Europe), Appalachians (US), Aravallis
(India) etc.
Block Mountains
• It is formed when a huge block of Earth’s crust may be
raised or lowered due to tectonic activities. The land
between the two paralled faults either rises forming
block mountains or horsts or subsides into a depression
termed as Rift valley or Graben.
• Examples of Block mountain are Vindhya and Satpura in
India, the Vosges in France and Black forest in Germany
(through which Rhine river flows).
Volcanic Mountains
• They are formed due to the accumulation of volcanic
material. They are also known as Mountains of
Accumulation.
• Examples of Volcanic mountain are Mt Fuji (Japan),
Cotopaxi in Andes, Vesuvius and Etna in Italy, Mt
Mayon (Philippines) etc.
Residual or Dissected Mountain
• They are formed as a result of erosion of plateaus and
high planes by various agents of erosion.
• Examples of Residual or Dissected mountain are Catskill
mountains of New York, Sierras of Spain, Girnar and
Rajmahal of India.
Mountain Range Location Highest Point
Himalayas Asia Mount Everest
Karakoram Asia K2
Hindu Kush Asia Tirich Mir
Andes South America Aconcagua
Alps Europe Mount Blanc
Rockies North America Mount Elbert
Urals Asia/Europe Mount Narodnaya
Alaska Range North America Denali (Mount Mckinley)
Transantarctic Range Antarctica Mount Kirkpatrick
Caucasus Europe/Asia Mount Elbrus
Tien Shan Asia Jengish Chokusu
Great Dividing Range Australia Mount Kosciuszko
PLATEAUS
Tabular upland having relief of more than 500 feet may be
defined as plateau. Tibetan plateau (5000 m) is the highest
plateau in the world.
Types of Plateau
According to their mode of formation and their physical
appearance, plateau may be grouped into the following types :
Tectonic Plateau
• These are formed by Earth movements, which cause
uplift and are normally of a considerable size and fairly
uniform altitude.
– When plateau are enclosed by Fold moutains, they are
known as Intermontane plateau .
– Examples of Tectonic plateau are Tibetan plateau
between the Himalayas and the Kunlun and the
Bolivian plateau between two ranges of the world.
Volcanic Plateau
These are formed by accumulation of lava. e.g. Deccan
Plateau (India).
Dissected Plateau
• Through the continual process of weathering and erosion
by running water, ice and winds, high extensive plateau
are gradually worn down and their surface made
irregular.
• The Scottish Highlands is a good example of dissected
plateau.
PLAINS
A relatively low-lying and flat land surface with least
difference between its highest and lowest points is called a
plain. The plains are divided into structural, erosional and
depositional plains.
Fold Mountains
Horsts
Graben
Block Mountains
--- PDF PAGE 1068 ---
863GENERAL STUDIES Geography
Types of Plain
There are three types of plain as
follow :
i. Structural Plain Formed due to
the uplift of a part of the sea
floor e.g. the great plain of USA.
ii. Erosional Plain Formed when
the elevated tract of land is worn
down to a plain by the process
of erosion. e.g. Plain of North
Canada.
iii. Depositional Plain Formed by
filling up of sediments into
depressions along the foothills,
lakes and seas e.g. Indo Ganga
Plain.
ISLANDS
An island is any piece of land that is
surrounded by water. A grouping of
geographically or geologically related
islands is called an Archipelago. The
various types of islands are named
according to the way they were
formed.
Types of Island
Types of island are as follow
Continental Island
• It is simply an island that rests on
the continental shelf. Because of
this, these islands are always quite
close to a given continent. Also, the
water level around a continental
island is very shallow, typically less
than 600 feet.
• Canadian Island of Newfoundland
is a continental island, as is
Greenland. Great Britain is the
largest continental island in Europe.
Volcanic Island
They are formed when volcanoes
deep in the ocean rise above the
water’s surface.
Coral Island
• It is an island that forms a ring and
partially or totally encloses a
shallow body of water or lagoon.
Coral islands, which are large
collections of coral a top rock
(usually volcanic) in the ocean.
• Lakshadweep island in Indian ocean
is best example of Coral islands.
Alluvial Island
• They are formed by the outward
flow of water depositing silt and
gravel at the mouth of a river.
• New Moore island at the mouth of
Ganga river in West Bengal is
known as alluvial island.
Barrier Island
They are formed by waves depositing
sand on the shallow ocean bottom as
they crash on the shoreline.
Tectonic Island
• They are formed by the result of
tectonic activity. By the tectonic
movement long island arcs
(archipelagoes) are formed.
• Indonesia, Philippines, Japan groups
of island are best examples of
tectonic island
LAKES
A lake is a body of water surrounded
by land from all the sides. A lake can
be fed and drained by rivers and
streams.
Types of Lake
Lakes can be classified as follow :
Tarn Lake
Tarn lakes (also often classified as
Alpine lakes) are usually associated
with glacial regions areas that have
been glaciated in the past. These
follows form as the ice scours out the
side of a hill, creating what is called a
cirque.
Rift Valley Lake
• Rift valley lakes occur in areas
where rock is pulling apart. As a
narrow wedge of land drops from
the movement, a long, narrow lake
often forms.
• The Rift valley, which cuts
through Africa and Asia, contains
the largest group of such lakes,
including lake Nyasa.
Crater Lake
• Crater lakes form at a volcanic
peak. When an extinct volcano
collapses, it often leaves a
somewhat circular depression;
water from rain and runoff
eventually fills the lake.
• Crater lake in Oregon is a good
example of such a lake.
Deflation Lake
• Deflation lakes usually occur in
deserts as the wind blows out
depressions in the sand. If the hole
reaches the local groundwater
table, it can create an oasis.
• Such features dot the Sahara desert
in Africa which are locally called
Oasis.
Oxbow Lake
• Oxbow lakes are created by a
curved river meander that was cut
off by sediment or other means,
creating a bowed shaped lake.
• The Mississippi river shows
evidence of past Oxbow lakes.
Artificial Lake
• Artificial lakes are those usually
formed by the damming of a river.
• These lakes are usually created to
regulate the flow of a seasonal
flooding river and many times
offer a constant supply of potable
(drinkable) water or generated
electricity.
--- PDF PAGE 1069 ---
864 CDS Pathfinder
Lakes Countries Area (km2)
Caspian Sea Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Iran,
Azerbaijan, Russia
436000
Superior Canada, United States 82414
Victoria Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania 69485
Huron Canada, United States 59,600
Michigan United States 58000
Tanganyika Burundi, Tanzania, Zambia 32893
Baikal Russia 31500
Great Bear Lake Canada 31080
Malanei Malawi Tanzania, Malawi, Mozambique 30044
Great Slave Lake Canada 28930
Balkhash Kazakhstan 18428
Ladoga Russia 18130
Nicaragua Nicaragua 8001
Great Salt Lake United States 4662
ATMOSPHERE
• Atmosphere is a thick gaseous envelope which
surrounds the Earth from all sides and it is attached to
Earth through the force of gravitation.
• Extent of Atmosphere Almost 97% of effective
atmosphere confines within the height 29 km of the
Earth’s surface. So, the vertical distribution of the
atmosphere is not uniform and even not
homogeneous. It extends between 16-29000 km from
the sea level.
Composition
• The atmosphere is mainly composed of gases, water
vapour and particulates. The main gases found in
atmosphere are nitrogen (78%), oxygen (21%), argon
(0.33%), carbon dioxide (0.03%), neon, helium, ozone,
hydrogen etc.
• Besides these gases, water vapour, dust particles and
other particulate matter are also present. Ozone gas is
found in a belt lying at an altitude of around 20-25
km. The amount of water vapour present in the
atmosphere varies from region to region between
0-4% by volume.
Layers of Atmosphere
Troposphere
• It extends upto 16 km from the Earth’s surface.
Thickness varies from 8 km at the poles to 18 km at
the equator. At every 165 m, there is a drop of 1°C (or
6 4 .°C per km). This is called normal lapse rate of
temperature.
• Tropopause separates troposphere from stratosphere.
Troposphere accounts for practically the entire water
vapour, all dust particles and most of the carbon dioxide
contained in the atmosphere. Due to this all weather
phenomena such as condensation, precipitation and storms
etc occur in the troposphere only.
TEMPERATURE INVERSION
● It refers to reversal of normal behaviour of temperature
in troposphere such that a layer of cool air at the surface
is overlain by a layer of warmer air.
● Inversion plays an important role in determining cloud
forms, precipitation and visibility. Long nights with clea r
skies and, calm and stable air are ideal conditions for
temperature inversion.
Stratosphere
• The stratosphere extends upto about 50 km, where
stratopause separates it from the mesosphere.
• In stratosphere, the temperature increases with increase i n
height. This phenomenon is known as Temperature
Inversion.
• The temperature rises in this layer from about– 60 °C at the
tropopause to 0 °C at stratopause. The part of the
stratosphere, in which there is a concentration of ozone is
often called Ozonosphere. It absorbs ultraviolet radiatio n,
which is harmful for us.
• Stratosphere is free from dust particles and also from
atmospheric turbulences. Hence, this layer is considered
ideal for flying of jet aircrafts.
Mesosphere
• Mesosphere extends above the stratopause upto a height of
about 80 km. In this layer, the temperature decreases with
height like in the troposphere and it falls from about 0 °C
at its base to about – 100 °C at 80 km height. It is
considered the coldest layer of the atmosphere.
• The upper limit of the mesosphere is marked by the
Mesopause, a transitional layer separating it from the
ionosphere.
Ionosphere
• Ionosphere is located above the mesosphere and extends
upto about 600 km. This layer is called as ionosphere
because it contains electrically charged ions that reflect the
radio waves back to the Earth, thus making radio
communication possible.
• Absorption of solar radiation by ionised particles cause an
increase in temperature with increasing height in the
ionosphere.
• Due to large concentration of ionised particles in this laye r
the ionosphere acts as a protective layer against meteorite s,
that are burnt in this layer.
--- PDF PAGE 1070 ---
865GENERAL STUDIES Geography
Thermosphere
• The zone between the 85 km and 400 km above the
surface is often called Thermosphere. In this layer, the
temperature increases with increasing altitude. The
upper limit of the thermosphere, the thermopause is
generally taken at an altitude of about 600 km.
• The day temperature at 600 km altitude exceed 1400 °C
while night temperature remain about 225°C .
• The upper part of the thermosphere contains only the
lighter gases like helium and hydrogen.
Exosphere and Magnetosphere
• The outermost part of the atmosphere of the Earth is
called Exosphere. This zone of the atmosphere extends
upto a height of about 900 km.
• The upper limit of the exosphere is uncertain as this
layer acts as a transitional layer between the Earth’s
atmosphere and the space. The outer part of the
exosphere is called Magnetosphere. The presence of air
is extremely rare in this layer.
Insolation and Solar Radiation
• Sun is the main source of energy on Earth. Energy
from Sun is received in the form of radiation. Solar
radiation that is intercepted by Earth is known as
Insolation.
The amount of insolation depends on following factors :
– The area and nature of the surface.
– The inclination of the rays of the Sun.
– Distance between the Earth and the Sun.
– Length of the day.
– The transparency of the atmosphere.
• As the angle of the Sun rays decreases poleward, the
amount of insolation received also decreases in that
direction.
• The Earth’s surface does not absorb all the energy that
it receives. The proportion of the solar radiation
reflected from the surface is called Albedo.
• On an average, insolation is highest near the equator,
marginally lower at the tropic and lowest at the poles.
Heat Budget of the Earth
The Earth receives energy continuously from the Sun, its
temperature is almost constant except the long-term
climate changes. This is because the atmosphere loses an
amount of heat equal to the gain through insolation. This
mechanism of maintaining the same temperature by the
atmosphere is called the Heat Budget or Heat Balance.
The heated surface of the Earth radiates energy in the
form of long waves. This process is called Terrestrial
Radiation.
Atmospheric Pressure
Air is an extremely compressible gas having its own weight.
The pressure exerted by air due to its weight is called
atmospheric pressure on the Earth’s surface. Atmospheric
pressure is neither same for all the regions nor same for one
region all the time.
Factor Affecting Atmospheric Pressure
Atmospheric pressure is affected by various factors such as
altitude, temperature and Earth’s rotation.
Altitude Air pressure increases, when air descends due to
the decrease in volume. When air rises its volume
increases and the outward pressure of its molecule is
spread over a larger area and its pressure decreases.
Temperature The pressure of air rises, when its
temperature falls. Low temperatures at the poles cause
the air to contract–high pressure develops; whereas the
high temperature along the equator cause the air to
expand–low pressure develops.
Pressure Belts
Earth can be divided into regions of broader pressure belts,
even though it has regional anomalies or deviations.
Equatorial Low Pressure Belt (or Doldrums)
• It is located on either side of the geographical equator in a
zone extending between 5°N and 5°S. Its location is not
stationary and there is a seasonal drift of this belt with the
Northward (summer solstice) and Southward (winter
solstice) migration of the Sun.
• It is thermally induced because of the intense heating of
the ground surface by the almost vertical Sun rays.
• It represents the zone of convergence of North East and
South East trade winds. Due to the frequent calm
conditions this belt is called as a belt of calm or
doldrums.
Inter Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ)
• The ITCZ is a low pressure zone located at the equator
where trade winds converge and so, it is a zone where air
tends to ascend.
• In July, the ITCZ is located around 20°N-25°N latitudes
cover the gangetic plain), sometimes called the Monsoon
Trough. This monsoon trough encourages the development
of thermal low over North and North-West India.
• Due to the shift of ITCZ, the trade winds of the Southern
hemisphere cross the equator between 40° and 60° E
longitudes and start blowing from South-West to
North-East due to the Coriolis force. It becomes
South-West monsoon.
• In winter, the ITCZ moves Southward and so the reversal
of winds from North-East to South and South-West, takes
place. They are called North-East monsoons.
--- PDF PAGE 1071 ---
866 CDS Pathfinder
Sub-tropical High Pressure Belt
• It extends between 30° to 35° N and S in both the
hemispheres. The high pressure along this belt is
due to subsidence of air coming from equatorial
regions and also due to blocking effect of coriolis
force.
• The convergence of winds at higher altitude above
this zone results in the subsidence of air from
higher altitudes. Thus, decent of wind results in
concentration of their volume and ultimately causes
high pressure. This zone of high pressure is also
called as Horse Latitude.
Sub Polar Low Pressure Belt
• It extends between 60° to 65° in both the
hemisphere. The low pressure belt does not appear
to be thermally induced because there is low
temperature throughout the year and as such there
should have been high pressure belt instead of low
pressure belt. Thus, it is dynamically induced.
• It is more developed and regular in Southern
hemisphere than in Northern hemisphere because of
the over dominance of water (ocean) in the
Southern hemisphere.
Polar High
High pressure persists at the poles throughout the
year because of the prevalence of very low
temperature all the year round. Polar highs are small
in area and extend around the poles.
Shifting of Pressure Belts
• The entire system of pressure and wind belts
follows the movement of mid-day Sun. In June,
when the overhead Sun is over the Tropic of
Cancer, all the belts move about 5 10°− ° North of
their average position.
• In the same manner, when the Sun is overhead at
the Tropic of Capricorn in December, all the belts
swings 5 10° − ° South of their average position.
Wind System
The pressure difference is the major cause of the genesis
of the wind system. The air moves from high pressure
to low pressure.
• The slope of pressure from high to low is called as Pressure
Gradient, which is also called as Barometric Slope.
• The imaginary line joining the points having same pressure i s
called Isobars. The direction of air movement should be
perpendicular to the isobars because the direction of press ure
gradient is perpendicular to the isobars, but the direction is
deviated from the expected one due to coriolis force caused
by the rotation of the Earth.
Wind Direction and Related Laws
• The Coriolis force generated due to the rotation of Earth act s
as a deflective force to the wind direction.
• Because of the coriolis force, all the winds are deflected to
the right in the Northern hemisphere while they are deflecte d
to the left in the Southern hemisphere with respect to the
rotating Earth. This is referred to as Ferrel’s law .
• The coriolis force is absent along the equator, but increase s
progressively towards the poles.
Types of Winds
(i) Permanent Winds
These winds include trade wind, westerlies and polar winds,
these are as follows :
• Trade Wind These are steady currents of air blowing from
the sub-tropical high pressure belt towards the equatorial low
pressure belt. Under the influence of the coriolis forces th ey
flow from the North-East in the Northern hemisphere and
from South-East in the Southern hemisphere.
• Westerlies The permanent winds blowing from the
sub-tropical high pressure belt to the sub polar low pressur e
belt in both the hemisphere is called Westerlies. The genera l
direction of the Westerlies is South-West to North-East in
the Northern hemisphere and North-West to South-East in
the Southern hemisphere. Westerlies are best developed
between 40° and 65° S latitude, these latitudes are often
called Roaring forties, furious fifties and shrieking sixt ies.
• Polar Winds These winds blows from polar high pressure
belt to sub polar low pressure belt. They are North Easterly
in Northern hemisphere and South Easterly in the Southern
hemisphere.
(ii) Seasonal Winds
The winds, which reverse its direction completely every
6 months are called Seasonal Winds. The best example is
monsoon winds.
--- PDF PAGE 1072 ---
867GENERAL STUDIES Geography
(iii) Local Winds
Local winds are horizontal movement of winds on
small-scale. Movement of these winds is mainly caused
by local factors such as water body, mountain etc.
Winds Nature Region
Land breeze Warm Experienced along coastal
areas. Land breeze blows
from land to sea.
Sea breeze Cold Experienced along coastal
areas. Sea breeze blows
from sea to land.
Chinook (snow eater) Warm Rockies (USA and Canada)
Sirocco Hot North Africa
Fohn Warm Alps/Europe
Khamsin Hot Egypt
Blizzard Cold Siberian, Canada, USA
Bora Cold Yugoslavia
Southerly burster Cold Australia
Purga Cold Russian, Tundra
Bire Cold France
Cape doctor Cold South Africans’s coast
Harmattan (the doctor) Hot Sahara to Guinea coast
(Ghana, Nigeria, etc)
Zonda Warm Argentina, Chile/Andes
Brick fielder Hot Australia
Samun Hot Iran
Levanter Cold Wind Spain
Norwester Hot Wind New Zealand
Leveche Hot Algeria, Morocco
Santa Ana Warm USA (California)
Berg Warm South Africa
Yoma Warm Japan
Karaburan Hot Tarim basin
Black roller Hot/Dusty North America
Kalbaisakhi/ Bardoli
Chheerha
Hot North India
Mistral Cold France to Mediterranean
(Rhine valley)
Loo Hot/Dry North Indian Plains (Punjab
to Bihar)
Jet Stream
• The strong and rapidly moving circumpolar Westerly
air circulation in a narrow belt of a few 100 km width
in the upper limit of troposphere is called Jet Stream.
Their circulation path is wavy and meandering.
• The extent of the jet streams narrows down during
the summer season because of their Northward
shifting while these extend up to 20° North latitude
during winter season.
Cyclones
• Cyclones are the centres of low pressure surrounded by
closed isobars having increasing pressure outward and
closed air circulation from outside towards the central low
pressure in such a way that air blows inward direction.
• Air blows inward in anti-clockwise direction in the
Northern hemisphere and clockwise direction in the
Southern hemisphere.
Types of Cyclone
Cyclone are mainly of two types :
i. Tropical Cyclone They have thermal origin, they acquire
whirling motion due to coriolis force. Wind speed varies
from zero to 1200 km/h
ii. Temperate Cyclone They develop over mid-latitudes.
Range 35° to 65° N and S. They are also called extra
tropical or wave cyclones.
Cyclone Region
Typhoons China sea
Tropical cyclones Indian ocean
Hurricanes Caribbean sea
Tornadoes USA
Willy Willies Northern Australia
Anticyclone
• Anticyclones are the wind system, which have the highest
air pressure at the centre and lowest at the outer margins
surrounded by circular isobars.
• Air blows from centre to outward in clockwise direction in
Northern hemisphere and anti–clockwise direction in
Southern hemisphere.
• They are high pressure system and common in sub-tropical
belts and practically absent in the equator region. They are
generally associated with rainless fair weather and that’s
why they are called as Weatherless Phenomena.
Thunderstorms
• Thunderstorms are local storms characterised by swift
upward movement of air and heavy rainfall with cloud
thunder and lighting.
• Structurally, thunderstorms consist of several convectiv e
cells, which are characterised by strong updraft of air.
Tornado
• Tornadoes are very strong tropical cyclones of smaller size .
In the Mississippi valley (US), they are called Twisters.
• They are more destructive than cyclones as the speed of
winds is very high, exceeding 320 km per hour.
--- PDF PAGE 1073 ---
868 CDS Pathfinder
Humidity and Related Aspects
• Humidity of air refers to the content of the water
vapour present in the air at a particular time and place.
• Humidity is measured by an instrument called
Hygrometer. Another instrument used for the same
purpose is sling psychrometer .
• The atmospheric humidity is expressed in a number of
ways such as :
– Humidity Capacity The capacity of air of certain
volume at certain temperature to retain maximum
amount of moisture content.
– Absolute Humidity The total weight of moisture
content per volume of air at definite temperature is
called Absolute Humidity.
– Specific Humidity The mass of the water vapour in
grams contained in a kilogram of air and it
represents the actual quantity of moisture present in
a definite air.
– Relative Humidity It is the ratio of the amount of
water vapour actually present in the air having
definite volume and temperature (i.e. absolute
humidity) to the maximum amount the air can hold
(i.e. humidity capacity).
Relative Humidity
= ×Absolute Humidity
Humidity Capacity
100
• Condensation is the change of physical state of
matter from gaseous phase into liquid phase. It is the
reverse of vaporisation.
• When the relative humidity reaches 100%, the air is
completely saturated. The air temperature is said to be
as dew point.
• Fog is made from the droplets of water suspended in the
lower layer of the atmosphere. Fog is not considered as a
form of precipitaion. Visibility of less than 1 km is the
internationally recognised definition of fog.
• Smog (Smoke + Fog) is a form of fog that occurs in areas,
where the air contains a large amount of smoke.
• Haze is formed by water particles that have condensed in
the atmosphere and visibility lie between 1 km to 2 km.
• Frost is the moisture on the ground surface that
condenses directly into ice i.e. when condensation occurs
below freezing point.
Clouds
• Clouds are a mass of small water droplets or tiny ice
crystals.
• Clouds are classified according to their appearance, form
and height. There are four groups as follow
i. High clouds 6000 m to 12000 m.
ii. Middle clouds 2100 m to 6000 m.
iii. Low clouds below 2100 m.
iv. Clouds with great vertical extent 1500 m to 9000 m.
The different types of clouds are given Latin names, which
are the combination of the following words :
– Cirrus means looking like a feather and used to describe
the very high clouds.
– Cumulus means looking like a heap. It is used to
describe the clouds having flat bases and rounded tops.
– Stratus means lying in level sheets. It is used for layer
type of clouds.
– Alto means mid-level cloud.
– Nimbus means rain cloud.
High Clouds Middle Clouds Low Clouds Clouds with Great Verti cal Extent
Cirrus Composed of small ice crystal,
white wispy and fibrous in
appearance.
Alto Cumulus Composed of water
droplets in layers and patches.
Strato Cumulus Large globular
masses, bumpy looking, soft and
grey in appearance forming a
pronounced regular and
sometimes wavy pattern.
Cumulus Round topped and flat based
forming a whitish grey globular mass,
consists of individual cloud units.
Cirro Cumulus Composed of ice
crystals but rippled in appearance.
Alto Stratus Composed of water
droplets, forming sheets of grey or
watery looking clouds.
Nimbo Stratus Dark grey and
rainy looking, dense and
shapeless, often gives continuous
rains.
Cumulo Nimbus They have a great vertical
extent, white or black globular masses,
whose rounded tops often spread out in the
form of anvil. It is characterised by
convectional rain, lightning and thunder.
Cirro Stratus Looks like a thin white
almost transparent sheet, which
causes the Sun and Moon to have
halos.
Stratus These are low, grey and
layered, almost fog like in
appearance, bringing dull weather
and often accompanied by
drizzle.
--- PDF PAGE 1074 ---
869GENERAL STUDIES Geography
PRECIPITATION
On the basis of its origin, precipitation may be
classified into three main types
• Convectional Rainfall It occurs due to thermal
convection currents caused due to insolational
heating of ground surface. e.g. Rainfall over
Congo basin, Amazon basin and South-East Asia.
• Orographic Rainfall It occurs due to ascent of
air forced by mountain barrier. e.g.
Mahabaleshwar, Western Ghat recieves about 600
cm rainfall.
• Frontal Rainfall It occurs due to upward
movement of air caused by convergence of cold
air masses against warm air masses. e.g. Heavy
rainfall in North-West Europe due to
convergence of cold continental and warm
oceanic air.
WEATHER AND CLIMATE
• Weather refers to the sum total of the
atmospheric conditions in terms of temperature,
pressure, wind, moisture, cloudiness, precipitation
and visibility of a particular place at any given
time.
• The average weather conditions over a large area
are called the Climate of a Place. The factors,
which control the weather and the climatic
conditions are latitude, altitude, unequal
distribution of land and water, ocean current, air
pressure and wind, mountain barrier, nature of
ground surface, different types of atmospheric
storms etc.
Name Country/ Region
Sahara (Libyan, Nubian) North Africa
Australian (Gibson, Simpson, Victorian Great Sandy) Austr alia
Arabian (Rub-al-Khali, An-Nafud) Arabia
Dast-e-Lut (Barren desert) Iran
Dast-e-Kavir (Salt-e-Kavir) (Salt desert) Iran
Desierto de Sechura Peru
Atacama North Chile
Patagonia Argentina
Kalahari Botswana
Namib Namibia
Great Indian Desert India
Isopleth Reaction
Isohels Sunshine
Isohyets Rainfall
Isonif Snow
Isocline Slope
Isotherms Temperature
Isobars Equal pressure
Isobath Equal depth in sea
Isohaline Salinity
Isohypse (or contour lines) Elevation above sea-level
Isodapane Equal transportation cost
Isobrants Thunderstorm at the same time
Grasslands Countries Grasslands Countries
Steppe Eurasia Veld South Africa
Puszta Hungary Downs Australia
Prairie USA Canterbury New Zealand
Pampas Argentina
Climatic Zone Climatic Types Rainfall Natural Vegetation
Equatorial Zone
(10°N-10°S)
Hot, wet equatorial Rainfall all the year Equatorial rain fo rest– special term selva is used to
Ebony, mahogany, dye woods are found.
Hot Zone (30°N-30°S) (i) Tropical Monsoon
(ii) Tropical Marine
Heavy summer rain
Summer rain
Monsoonal forest– T eak sal, sisam, eucalyptus acacia
savana (Tropical grassland)– grasses
(iii) Sudan type
(iv) Desert
Rain mainly in summer
Little rain Desert vegetation and scrub– cacti
(a) Saharan type (b) Mid latitude type
Warm T emperate Zone
(30°N-45°S)
(i) Western margin (Mediterranean type) Winter rain Medite rranean forests– Oak, pine fir, eucalyptus, giant
sequoia, cedar
(ii) Central Continental type (Steppe type) Light summer ra in Steppe, temperate grass
(iii) Eastern Margin Heavier summer rain Warm, wet forests– Parapine, oak
(a) China type
(b) Gulf type
(c) Natal type
Parapine, oak
Walnut, oak, hickory
Parapine, eucalyptus, wattle
Cool T emperate Zone
(45°N-65°S)
(i) Western Margin (British T ype ) Rain in autumn and
winter
Deciduous forest–Oak, elm, birch, poplar, chestnut,
mapple
(ii) Central Continental (Siberian T ype) Light summer rain Coniferous forest– Pine fir, spruce larch
(i) Eastern Margin (Lauritian T ype ) Moderate summer rain Mi xed forest– Oak, beech, mapple
Cold Zone (65°N-90°S) (ii) Arctic or Polar Mountain Climate Very light summer rain T undra, mosses, lichens
Heavy rainfall (variable) Alpine, fern, conifers
--- PDF PAGE 1075 ---
870 CDS Pathfinder
HYDROSPHERE
The water components of the Earth is called Hydrosphere.
It includes the oceans, seas, lakes, ponds, rivers and strea ms.
The hydrosphere covers about 70% of the surface of the
Earth.
Storage Component Total Percentage
of Water
Oceans 97.6
Saline lakes and inland seas 0.008
Ice capes and glaciers 1.9
Ground water 0.5
Soil moisture 0.01
Lakes 0.009
Freshwater rivers 0.0001
Atmosphere 0.0009
Relief Features of the Oceans
Continental Shelf
• The shallow submerged extension of the continent is
called the continental shelf . Extends to a depth of 100
fathoms (1 fathoms = 1.8 m). It has average width 70 km;
average slope 17 ft/mile or about 1°.
• Continental shelf covers 7.5% area of the oceans. It
extends over 13.3% of the Atlantic ocean, 5.7% of Pacific
ocean and 4.2% of Indian ocean.
• In cases, where the mountains extend along the coast, the
continental shelf will be narrower. About 20% petrol and
gas are found here. They also provide the richest fishing
ground in the world.
Continental Slope
• Extends seawards from the continental shelf. It has
depth—200-2000 fathoms (3660m) and average slope 20 to
50 degrees.
• The boundary between shelf and slope is known as
Andesite Line , on the names of the Andesite rock.
Continental slope covers about 8.5% of the total ocean
area.
Continental Rise
• Continental rise is an area at the foot of the slope, slightly
rising due to the accumulation of debris transported over
the slope.
• It has average slope— 0.5° to 1°. Oil deposits occur here.
Abyssal or the Deep Sea Plains
• It is the deepest and most extensive part of the oceanic
floor having average depth of 3000m to 6000m. It covers
about 75.9% of total oceanic area.
• Parts of the Abyssal plains are occupied by raised
ridges or submarine mountains and by very deep
trenches or canyons.
Deeps/Trenches
• Trenches are narrow and steep sides depressions.
Trenches are formed, when two plates of the Earth’s
crust are moving together and one is being pushed
down below the other.
• Marina trench (challenger deep) is the deepest trench in
the world situated in the NW Pacific oceans, near
philippines. It is approx 11 km deep.
Oceanic Ridges
• Oceanic ridges are of tectonic origin and they provide
evidence in support of the Plate Tectonics Theory.
They are formed by the volcanic activity along the
spreading boundary of plates.
• These ridges are thousands of km long and hundreds of
km wide mountain ranges on the oceanic floor.
• Their summits may rise above the sea level in the form
of islands i.e. Iceland, Azores Island are such examples .
Coral Reefs
• Coral reefs are formed due to accumulation and the
compaction of skeletons of lime secreting organisms
known as Coral Polyps.
• Corals are found mainly in the tropical oceans and seas
because they require high mean annual temperature of
ranging between 20°C to 25°C.
• Corals do not live in deeper waters due to lack of
sufficient sunlight and oxygen.
On the basis of nature, shape and mode of occurrence, the
coral reefs are classified into three types :
i. Fringing Reefs It develop along the continental
margins or along the islands.
– The seaward slope is steep and vertical while the
landward slope is gentle. These reefs run as a narrow
belt of about 0.5 km to 2.5 km width.
– They are usually attached to the coastal land, but
occasionally they are separated from the shore by a
shallow and narrow lagoon called ‘Boat Channel’.
– This type of reefs are found near Rameshwaram in
the Gulf of Mannar.
ii. Barrier Reefs Largest coral reefs off the coastal
platform, but parallel to them.
– The reef lies at a distance away from the coast.
Hence, a broad lagoon develops between the reef and
the shore. They are hundreds of kilometer long and
few kilometers wide.
– The Great Barrier Reef of Australia is the largest
barrier reef in the world.
--- PDF PAGE 1076 ---
iii. Atoll A reef of narrow growing corals of horse—
shoe shape and crowned with plam trees is called an
Atoll.
– Atoll partly or completely encloses a lagoon. It is
formed around an island in an elliptical form on a
submarine platform. Funafuti atoll of Ellice Islands is
a famous atoll.
CORAL BLEACHING
When corals are stressed by changes in conditions such
as temperature, light or nutrients, they expel the symbiotic
algae living in their tissues, causing them to turn
colourless, this phenomenon is known as Coral
Bleaching.
SALINITY
Salinity is defined as the total amount of salts and
minerals in grams contained in 1 kg of sea water and
is expressed as part per thousand. The oceanic salinity not
only affects the marine organism and plant community, but
also affects the physical properties of the ocean such as
temperature, pressure, density, waves and currents.
• Average salinity of seawater is about 35‰ and average
salinity in Southern hemisphere is more than that of
Northern hemisphere.
• Iso-halines represent the salinity distribution in the
surface of the sea. These are the lines joining places
having an equal degree of salinity.
• The main source of salinity is dissolution of the rocks of
oceanic crust, which contains salts. Poles have minimum
salinity because of addition of fresh water in the form of
icebergs and excessive snowfall.
• Variation in salinity causes vertical circulation of water .
• Salinity also increases the density of water. More saline
water freezes slowly while the boiling point of saline
water is higher than the fresh water.
Controlling Factor Relation with Salinity
Evaporation Greater the evaporation, higher the salinity.
Precipitation Higher the precipitation, lower the salinit y.
Influx of river water Big voluminuous rivers pour down immen se
volume of fresh water into the oceans and
salinity is reduced at the mouth.
Atmospheric pressure Anticyclonic conditions with stable air and
high temperature increases the salinity of
the surface water of the ocean.
Circulation of oceanic
water
Ocean currents affect the spatial distribution of
salinity by mixing sea waters.
• Salinity on an average decreases from equator to poles.
The highest salinity is recorded near the tropics rather
than the equator because of the heavy precipitation in
the equatorial region.
Straits
A strait is a narrow body of water that connects two larger
bodies of water and separates two landmasses.
Name Joins Location
Malacca Strait Andaman Sea and
South China Sea
Indonesia-Malaysia
Palk Strait Palk Bay and Bay of Bengal India-Sri Lanka
Sunda Strait Java Sea and Indian Ocean Indonesia
Yucatan Strait Gulf of Mexico and
Carribbean Sea
Mexico-Cuba
Mesina Strait Mediterranean Sea Italy-Sicily
Bab-el-Mandeb
Strait
Red Sea and Gulf of Aden Yemen-Djibouti
Cook Strait South Pacific Ocean New Zealand
(N and S Islands)
Mozambique Strait Indian Ocean Mozambique-Malagasy
Bass Strait Tasman Sea and South Sea Australia
Bering Strait Bering Sea and Chukchi Sea Alaska-Russia
Bosphorus Strait Black Sea and Marmara Sea Turkey
Davis Strait Baffin Bay and
Atlantic Ocean
Greenland-Canada
Denmark Strait North Atlantic and
Arctic Ocean
Greenland-Iceland
Dover Strait English Channel and
North Sea
England-France
Florida Strait Gulf of Mexico and
Atlantic Ocean
USA-Cuba
Hormuz Strait Gulf of Persia and
Gulf of Oman
Oman-Iran
Hudson Strait Gulf of Hudson and
Atlantic Ocean
Canada
Gibraltar Strait Mediterranean Sea and
Atlantic Ocean
Spain-Morocco
Magellan Strait Pacific and South Atlantic
Ocean
Chile
Tsugaru Strait Japan Sea and
Pacific Ocean
Japan
(Hokkaido-Honshu
Island)
MOVEMENTS
OF OCEANIC WATER
Waves
• Waves are the oscillatory movements in water mainly
produced by winds, manifested by an alternate rise and
fall of the sea surface. The waves are the important
agents of erosion in the coastal regions, where they carve
out various landforms like caves, bays, gulfs, capes and
cliffs.
• Seismic waves or tsunamis are the waves caused by
earthquakes in volcanic eruptions in the sea bottom. The
tsunamis, which hit the coast in South–East Asia on 26th
December, 2004, caused havoc in that region.
871GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1077 ---
872 CDS Pathfinder
Ocean Currents
• An ocean current is a continuous, directed movement of
ocean water generated by the forces acting upon it, such
as breaking waves, wind, coriolis effect, temperature and
salinity differences shape and configuration of the
coastline and tides caused by the gravitation pull of the
Moon and the Sun.
• Ocean currents circulate in clockwise direction in
Northern hemisphere and in anti-clockwise direction in
Southern hemisphere. Ocean currents are of two types :
i. Warm Ocean Currents The ocean currents
flowing from lower latitude to higher latitude are
called as warm currents.
ii. Cold Ocean Currents The ocean currents
flowing from higher latitude to lower latitude are
called as cold currents .
Currents of North Pacific Ocean
(i) Warm Currents
• North Equatorial Current It flows Westwards from
the Western coast of Mexico to the Philippines.
• Kuroshio Current It is an extension of North
Equatorial current near Japan coast. It flows towards
North.
• Alaska Current It flows along the coast of British
Columbia and the Alaska Peninsula.
(ii) Cold Currents
• Oyashio Current It flows down from Bering sea
towards Japan from North pole and it joins Kuroshio
currents.
• Okhotsk Current and Kuril Current It flows down
from sea of Okhotsk and joins Kuroshio current to the
North of Japan.
• West Wind Drift It flows towards Alaska.
• Californian Current It is an extension of Alaskan
currents. It finally joins North Equatorial current and
completes clockwise circulation of water.
Currents of South Pacific Ocean
(i) Warm Currents
• East Australian Current or Great Barrier Current
It flows towards East coast of Australia from equator
towards Pole.
• South Equatorial Current It originates due to South
East trade winds and flows Westwards and bifurcates
near New Guinea.
• Counter Equatorial Current It extends upto Panama
Bay. It flows exactly on equator from West to East.
(ii) Cold Currents
• Peruvian Current (Humboldt current) It flows from
South towards equator on the coast of Chile and Peru.
• West Wind Drift It flows from Tasmania to Chile
coast of South America.
Currents of North Atlantic Ocean
(i) Warm Currents
• North Equatorial Current It is present between
equator and 10°N.
• Cayenne Current It flows adjacent to French Guinea
and enters into Carribean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
• Florida Current Cayenne current near Florida
(US coast) is called Florida Current.
• Antilles Current It flows to the East of West Indies
and other islands.
• Gulf Stream It flows from US coast towards
North-West Europe under the influence of Westerly
winds.
• North Atlantic Drift Gulf Stream bifurcates into
– North Atlantic drift (warm).
– West Wind drift (cold) and Canaries current (cold).
(ii) Cold Currents
• Labrador Current It orginates in Baffin bay and Davis
Strait and merges with Gulf Stream near Newfoundland.
Newfoundland is a famous zone of fishing, commonly
known as Grand Bank.
• Irminger Current or Greenland Current It flows
between Greenland and Iceland and merges with North
Atlantic drift.
• Canaries Current It flows along the Western coast of
North Africa between Madeira cape verde and it joins
North equatorial current.
• West Wind Drift It flows towards UK.
Currents of South Atlantic Ocean
(i) Warm Currents
• South Equatorial Current It flows between equator
and 10°S.
• Brazilian Current It flows to the East coast of Brazil
from equator towards pole.
(ii) Cold Currents
• Falkland Current It flows along the South-East coast
of South America from South to North.
• Benguela Current It flows from South to North near
the ‘Cape of Good Hope’.
• West Wind Drift It is the continuence of Brazilian and
Falkland current.
• Guinea Current It flows near coast of Guinea (Africa).
Currents of the Indian Ocean
• The Asiatic Monsoon It influences the currents of the
North Indian Ocean, while the currents of South Indian
ocean are influenced by the atmosphere’s anticyclonic
circulation.
--- PDF PAGE 1078 ---
• North Equatorial Current The current flows from East
to West and upon reaching the East coast of Africa, a good
portion turns Southward, crosses the equator and becomes
the Mozambique current.
• Mozambique Current The Mozambique current flows
South along the East coast of Africa from the vicinity of
the equator to about 35°, where it is known as Agulhas
stream.
• Agulhas Stream The Agulhas stream flows Westward
along the Southern West of Madagascar and joins the
Mozambique current along the East African coast.
• West Wind Drift Current It flows across the Indian
ocean to the South-West of Australia.
• North-East Monsoon Drift It flows along the coast of
India during winter.
• South-West Monsoon Drift It flows along the coast of
India during summer.
• South Equatorial Current It is a significant Pacific,
Atlantic and Indian ocean current that flows East-West
between the equator and about 20 degrees South.
• Somalia Current It is an ocean boundary current that
runs along the coast of Somalia and Aman in the Western
Indian ocean and is analogous to the Gulf stream in the
Atlantic ocean.
Tides
The rises and fall of the sea level as a result of the forces
between the Earth, the Moon and the Sun is called a Tide.
The interval between two tides is 12 hrs and 26 min.
There are two types of tides, which are as follows :
i. Spring Tides When the Earth, the Moon and the Sun
are in a straight line (also called SYZYGY (straight line
configuration of three celestial bodies) the Sun enhances
the gravitational pull of the Moon, creating a condition
of higher high tides and lower low tides known as Spring
Tides.
ii. Neap Tides When the Sun and Moon are at right angles
to the Earth. The Sun partially contracts the pull of the
Moon producing lower high tides typical of a Neap Tide.
Natural Vegetation
Natural vegetation refers to those vegetations which grows
naturally on the Earth’s surface without any human
interference. Different vegetation regions that are ident ified
have distinct types of plants, soil and weathern patterns.
Major vegetation types of the world has been discussed below :
Tropical Evergreen Rainforests
These vegetations are characterised by long and evergreen
trees. Forest of these types have layered structure that for m
canopy at the top. Almost two-thirds of all the world’s
flowering plants are found in rainforests.
Hardwood trees like rosewood, teak, sal, ebony and
mahogany are most common trees. Such forests are
found near the equator in amazon basin, zaire basin and
South-East Asian region.
Tropical Deciduous Forests
These forests are also known as Monsoon Forests.
These forests are found in regions having monsoon
climate i.e. India, Myanmar, Thailand, parts of
Indonesia, Malaysia, Indo-China, Philippines etc. Trees
are adopted to a long dry season and shed their leaves
during dry season. Teak, sal, bamboo, khair, bargad,
peepal are important trees. Forest are not very dense,
therefore, commercial exploitation of these forests is
possible.
Mediterranean Forests
These forests are found in areas around Mediterranean
Sea, Central Chile, South-West USA, Australia and
Northern Africa. Such vegetations are found in regions
with hot and dry summers and mild and wet winters.
Xerophytic plants constitute the natural vegetation.
Mediterranean regions are known as ‘Orchards of the
World’ for their fruit cultivation. Citrus fruits like
oranges, figs, olives and grapes are commonly cultivated.
Coniferous Forests
These forest extend in a band across Northern North
America and Eurasia to the edge of the Arctic Tundra,
constituting the largest terrestrial biome in the world.
Forests consist of tall, softwood evergreen trees.
Northern coniferous forests are dominated by
cone-bearing trees, such as pine, spruce, fir and
hemlock. Trees are conical shaped with needle shaped
leaves and trees are found in large groups.
Tropical Grasslands
These grasslands are known as ‘Savanna’ in Africa and
‘Campos’ in Brazil. The grasses are very tall and grows
upto a height of 3 to 4 metres. The scattered trees
found at different densities are thorny and have small
leaves, an apparent adaptation to relatively dry
conditions. Fires are common in dry season and
dominant plant species are fire-adapted and tolerant of
seasonal drought.
Temperate Grasslands
These grasslands are also known as Prairies in North
America, Pampas in South America, Down in Australia,
Velds in South Africa and Steppes in Europe. These
regions have warm and moist summers and cold and
snowy winters. Dominant plants are grasses and forbs,
which vary in height from few centimetres to 2 m.
These areas are also known as ‘Bread Basket’ of the
world due to large scale cultivation of maize and wheat.
873GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1079 ---
874 CDS Pathfinder
Tropical Deserts
These are located on the western margins of the
continents between 15°-30° North and South of
equator. These regions have hot and dry summers and
receive very less rainfall. Vegetation is very scant, with
succulent stems, long roots and leaves are reduced to
spines.
Tundra
Tundra covers large area in North Canada, North
Russia, North Sweden and Finland. The vegetation of
tundra is mostly herbaceous, consisting of a mixture of
mosses, grasses and forbs, alongwith some dwarf
shrubs, trees and lichens. A permanently frozen layer
of soil called permafrost restrict growth of plant roots.
AGRICULTURE
• Agriculture is a primary economic activity. It includes
both, cultivation of crops and rearing of animals, to
provide food and other products.
• Agriculture is practised under different combination
of physical and socio-economic conditions which
gives rise to different types of agriculture systems.
Types of Agriculture
Shifting Cultivation
• It is also known as slash and burn cultivation as field
to be cultivated is cleared by burning the vegetation.
• The cultivated patches are very small and cultivation
is done with very primitive tools.
• This type of farming is widely practised by many tribes
in the tropics, especially in Africa, South and Central
America and South-East Asia.
Shifting Cultivation Country
Ladang Malaysia and Java
Tamrai Thailand
Taungya Myanmar (Burma)
Caingin Philippines
Chena Sri Lanka
Milpa Mexico
Roca Brazil
Konuko Venezuela
Masole Congo
Tavy Madagascar
Ray Vietnam and Laos
Proka Ghana
Jhuming India
Intensive Subsistence Agriculture
• This type of agriculture is practised on wide scale in densel y
populated regions of monsoonal Asia.
• In this type of agriculture the farmer owns a small piece of
land, grown crops with the help of his family members and
consumes almost the entire farm produce with little surplus
to sell in the market.
• This type of agriculture widely practised in Thailand,
Myanmar, Vietnam, Cambodia and India.
Plantation Agriculture
• Plantation agriculture is a form of commercial farming
where crops are grown for profit. Large land areas are
needed for this type of agriculture.
• It was introduced by the Europeans in colonies situated in
the tropics. The major products of this type of farming are
the tropical crops such as tea, coffer, rubber and oil palm
etc has developed in parts of Asia, Africa and Latin
America.
Extensive Commercial Grain Farming
• It is commercial form of agriculture where entire operation s
from ploughing to harvesting are mechanised. Grain crops,
especially wheat is grown under extensive farming methods.
• This kind of farming is done by developed countries like
USA, Australia and Russia.
Mixed Farming
• In this type of agriculture, equal importance is given to bot h
crop cultivation and animal husbandry.
• It give earning to the farmers.
Nomadic Herding
• It is a primitive subsistence activity, based upon rearing o f
animals on natural pastures.
• People in this system keep on moving along with their
animals in search of grazing areas.
• In Africa, cattle are the most important livestock, while in
Sahara and Asiatic deserts, sheep, goats and camels are
reared.
• In the mountainous areas of Tibet and Andes, Yak and
llamas are reared and in arctic and sub-arctic regions,
reindeer is most important animal.
Mediterranean Agriculture
• Specialised commercial farming practised in Mediterranea n
climatic region. Crops like wheat, barley and vegetables ar e
grown for domestic consumption, while citrus fruits, olive s
and grapes are grown on commercial scale for export purpose.
• Main regions include countries on either side of
Mediterranean in Europe, Southern California, Central
Chile, South-Western South Africa and Western Australia.
--- PDF PAGE 1080 ---
Market Gardening
• It is concerned with cultivation of high value crops like
vegetables, fruits and flowers for urban markets. It is
also known as Truck Farming.
• It is well developed in densely populated industrial
districts of North-West Europe, North Eastern USA and
Mediterranean regions.
Types of Cultures Description
Apiculture Raising of bees for commercial purpose
Aquaculture Rearing of aquatic animals or plants for food
Floriculture Cultivation of flowers
Horticulture Cultivation of fruits, flowers and vegetable s on
commercial scale
Mariculture Rearing of fish or other marine life for food
Pisciculture Controlled breeding and rearing of fish
Sericulture Commercial level production of silk worms
Silviculture Commercial cultivation of trees
Viticulture Cultivation of grapevines
Crops Countries Rankwise
Food Crops
Rice/Paddy 1. China 2. India 3. Indonesia
Wheat 1. China 2. India 3. United States
Millet 1. India 2. Niger 3. China
Maize/corn 1. United 2. China 3. Brazil
States
Oat 1. Russia 2. Canada 3. Finland
Pulses 1. India 2. Pakistan 3. Canada
Fibre Crops
Cotton 1. China 2. India 3. United States
Jute 1. India 2. Bangladesh 3. China
Plantation Crops
Rubber 1. Thailand 2. Indonesia 3. Vietnam 4. India
Tobacco 1. China 2. Brazil 3. India
Coconut 1. Indonesia 2. Philippines 3. India
Sugarcane 1. Brazil 2. India 3. China
Tea 1. China 2. India 3. Kenya
Coffee 1. Brazil 2. Vietnam 3. Indonesia
LIVESTOCK FARMING/
ANIMAL HUSBANDRY
• It refers to rearing of animals for food and other human
uses. The world ‘Livestock’ applies primarily to cattle,
chickens, goats, pigs, horses and sheeps.
• Poultry farmers keep chickens, turkeys, geese and other
birds for meat and eggs.
• Top Beef producer of world are USA, Brazil, European
Union, China and India.
• India is the world’s largest producer of milk. It is the
leading exporter of skimmed milk powder. The world’s
largest exportes of milk and milk products are
New Zealand, the European Union, Australia and the
United States.
DAIRY FARMING
● It is highly capital intensive and advanced form of
farm activity.
● It is practised mainly near urban and industrial
centres.
● Denmark and Sweden have witnessed the
maximum development of this type of farming.
• Some animals like sheeps, goats and rabbits reared for
wool production also. Australia is the leading producer
of wool followed by New Zealand and China.
Temperate grasslands like Steppes in Russia, Prairies in
North America, Pampas in Argentina, Veldt in South
Africa and Downs in Southern Australia supports highly
intensive livestock industry.
Fisheries
• Fisheries constitute an important economic activity in
the coastal regions of the world, especially in the
temperate latitudes. Fisheries can be classified into two
groups – fresh water fisheries and marine fisheries.
• Around 90% of the fishes are caught from the sea while
remaining is obtained from fresh water. The top ten
largest fish producing countries in the world are China,
Peru, India, Indonesia, USA, Chile, Japan, Thailand,
Vietnam and Russia.
• Major exporters of fish and fishery products in the
world are China, Norway, Thailand, USA and Denmark
and major importers of fish and fishery products are
Japan, USA, Spain, France and Italy.
There are four major fishing grounds in the world :
i. North-East Atlantic Region Dogger Bank located in
the North Sea is one of the most important fishing
ground. Important species of this region are Cod and
Herring.
ii. North-West Atlantic Region Grand Bank and
Georges Bank are important fishing grounds.
Important species of this region are Cod, Lobster,
Oyster and Herring.
iii. North-West Pacific Region Countries involved in
fishing in this region are China, Japan, Russia, North
and South Korea.
iv. North-East Pacific Region This region include
coastal regions of Canada and USA. Important species
of this region are Halibut, Sardine, Salmon and Tuna.
875GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1081 ---
876 CDS Pathfinder
MINERALS AND ENERGY
RESOURCES
• A naturally occuring substance that has a definite
chemical composition and physical properties is
called mineral.
• Minerals are formed in different types of
geological environments, under varying
conditions. They are created by natural processes
without any human interference.
Minerals Countries in Decreasing Order of Production
Iron ore China, Australia, Brazil, India, Russia
Maganese China, South Africa, Australia, Brazil, Gabon
Bauxite Australia, China, Brazil
Aluminium China, Russia, Canada, UAE, India
Copper Chile, China, Peru, USA, Congo
Silver Mexico, China, Peru, Russia, Australia
Gold China, Australia, Russia, USA, Canada
Tin China, Indonesia, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil
Zinc China, Peru, Australia, USA, Canada
Uranium Kazakhstan, Canada, Australia, Niger, Namibia
• Energy resources are generally defined as
anything that can be used as a source of energy.
Some energy resources are coal, petroleum and
natural gas etc.
Resources Major Producer Countries
Coal China, USA, Australia, India
Petroleum USA, Saudi Arabia, Russia, China
Natural Gas USA, Russia, Qatar, Iran
Uranium Kazakhistan (First), Canada, Australia, Niger,
Namibia
Wind Energy China, USA, Germany, Spain, India
Solar Energy Germany, China, Italy, Japan, USA, Spain,
France
Hydro-electricity China (First), Canada, Brazil, USA, Nor way,
New Zealand, India
INDUSTRIES
• All economic activities namely; primary,
secondary, tertiary and quaternary, revolve
around obtaining and utilising resources
necessary for survival.
• Among all, these secondary activities add value to
natural resources by transforming raw materials
into valuable products.
Industries Major Countries
Iron and Steel
Industry
Russia, China, Usa, Japan, India, Britain
Cotton Textile China, India, USA
Jute Industry India, Bangladesh, China
Woolen Textile Australia, China, USA
Paper Industries China, USA, Germany, Japan
Ship Building China, South Korea, Japan
Aircraft Building USA, Britain, Russia, France
Automobile Industry China, USA, Japan, Germany, South Kore a, India
Petro Chemical USA, Belgium, Japan, Netherlands, China, So uth Korea,
Taiwan
TRANSPORT
Transport along with communication is considered as lifeli ne of an
economy. The principle modes of transportation includes la nd
transport, waterways, airways and pipelines.
Road Transport
• Roadways are the most universal and accessible form of
transportation. It is also very economical for short distan ces.
• Germany was the first country in the world to establish a nati on
wide highway network.
• USA has world’s longest and biggest road network followed by
China, India, Brazil and Russia.
• Pan-American Highway is the longest highway in the world.
Rail Transport
• It is preferred mode of land transport for bulky goods
passengers over long distances.
• The first train was started on 27th September, 1825 between
Stockton to Darlington in England.
• United States has world’s longest rail network, followed by
Russia and China.
• Trans-Siberian Railway is the longest railway line in the wo rld.
Air Transport
• Air transport is the fastest but costliest mode of transport . The
development of air transport started after the World War I. B ut
the actual development of this transport took place after th e
World War II.
• Three types of services are performed by air transport :
i. Inter-Continental Global This includes the longest services.
e.g. services between the continents.
ii. Continental Air Route These services are performed among
the countries within a continent. e.g. India-China.
--- PDF PAGE 1082 ---
iii. National Air Route Perform services for long
distance within the country. e.g. Mumbai-Delhi.
INTERNATIONAL AIR TRANSPORT
AUTHORITY (IATA)
● It is an international trade body created over 60 years
ago by a group of airlines. Today, IATA represents
240 airlines comprising 84% of total air traffic.
● The organisation also represents, leads and serves the
airline industry in general.
Water Transport
• Both ocean water transport and Inland transport form
the part of water transport.
• Waterways are the most suitable and cheapest mode
of transport for carrying international trade.
Important Sea Routes of the World
North Atlantic Sea Route (Big Trunk) It links
North-Eastern USA and North-Western Europe. It
is busiest route in the world.
South Atlantic Sea Route This route connects North
America and Europe with South America.
Mediterranean-Indian Ocean Sea Route It connects
highly industrialised West European region with
East Africa, South Africa, South-East Asia and
Australia and New Zealand.
Cape of Good Hope Route It connects West European
and West African countries with Brazil, Argentina
and Uruguay in South America.
North Pacific Sea Route This route links the ports of
West-coast of North America with those of Asia.
South Pacific Sea Route This route is an important
connecting link between South and North America
with Australia, New Zealand and various Pacific
islands via Panama Canal.
Major Canal System of the World
Suez Canal It was constructed in 1869. This is the
largest canal in the world, that connects Port Said
in North and Port Suez in South Linking Red Sea
and Mediterranean Sea.
Panama Canal It is constructed across the Panama
Isthmus between Panama city and Colon,
connecting the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean
Sea.
Kiel Canal This canal in Germany connects the North
Sea with the Baltic Sea.
Manchester Shipping Canal It connects Manchester
with Eastham.
North-Sea Canal It joins North-sea with Amsterdam.
Inland Waterways
• Inland waterways were the chief mode of transportation
before the advent of railways.
• The major oceans of world are connected with each other
thus, forming a continuous expanse of water providing links
to most parts of the world.
Major Inland Waterways of the World
Rhine Waterways It is navigable for 700 km from Rotterdam
(Netherlands) to Basel (Switzerland). This is world’s most
heavily used waterways.
Danube Waterway Danube river rises in Black Forest and
flow Eastward in Eastern Europe. It is navigable upto
Taurna Severin.
Volga Waterways It is an important waterways of Russia and
is navigable for 11200 km. The Volga-Moscow Canal
connects it with Moscow region and Volga-Don canal
with Black sea.
Great Lakes-St. Lawrence Seaway The Great lakes of North
America, Superior, Hurie, Erie and Ontario are connected
by Soo canal and Welland canal. Great Lakes along with
estuary of St. Lawrence river form the waterways.
Mississippi Waterways The Mississippi-Ohio waterway
connects interior part of USA with Gulf of Mexico.
Races
• Race is a term used for large group of people with some basic
inherited physical characteristics common. e.g. skin colo ur,
hair, facial features, eye colour, head shape etc.
• Four major human races are Caucasoid, Australoid,
Mongoloid and Negroid.
Trait Caucasoid Mongoloid Negroid Australoid
Skin colour Pale reddish
white to olive
brown
Saffron to
yellow brown
Brown to
brown-black
Skin colour is
of chocolate
Head form Long to broad
and short,
medium high to
very high
Predominantly
broad, height
medium
Predominantly
long height
low to medium
Dolichocephalic
Face Narrow to
medium broad,
tends to high,
no prognathism
Medium
broad to very
broad, malars
high and flat,
tends to
medium high
Medium broad
to narrow,
tends to
medium high,
strong
prognathism
Large heavy
jaws and
prognathism
Hair Hair colour,
light blonde to
dark brown
Hair colour,
brown to
brown black
Hair colour,
brown black
Hair is silky,
black and wavy
Eye colour Light blue to
dark brown
Brown to dark
brown
Brown to
brown black
dark brown
Nose Bridge usually
high
Bridge usually
low to
medium
Bridge usually
low
877GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1083 ---
878 CDS Pathfinder
Major Tribes of the World
• The term tribe refers to a cultural or social rather
than a biological or racial groups.
Tribe Country/Region
Aborigines Australia
Apache South-West America
Ainu Japan
Amerinds America
Acta Philippines
Bantu Central and Southern America
Beja Egypt
Berber Northern coast of Africa
Beduoins Arabia, Syria, North Africa
Bora Columbia, Brazil
Bushmen Kalahari Desert in Africa
Buryats Siberia, Central Asia
Chukchi Chukchi Peninsula (Russia)
Dayak Borneo (Indonesia)
Fellah Middle East, North Africa
Fulani Nigeria
Han China
Hottentots South-West Africa
Hausa Nigeria
Hadza Tanzania
Inca Peru, Mexico
Inuit Greenland, Canada, Alaska
Jarawa Andaman (India)
Kamasin Siberia
Karakalpak Central Asia
Kirghiz Kyrgyzstan
Kubu Sumatra (Indonesia)
Kurds Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Syria
Kung Southern Africa
Kamba Kenya
Kikuyu Kenya
Lapps Finland, Sweden, Norway, Russia
Lepcha Sikkim
Maori Australia
Papuan New Guinea
Red Indian USA
Semang Malaysia
Shan Myanmar
Swahili Kenya, Tanzania
Tatars Mongolian Plateau
Tungus Siberia
Vedda Sri Lanka
Yuit Alaska, Siberia
Zulu South Africa
Population
Population refers to the whole number of people living in cou ntry
or region. Demography is the scientific study of human
population.
Population Distribution
• Population is not distributed evenly in all parts of the worl d.
Some places have sparse (scattered) population and some hav e
dense population.
• Sparsely populated places tend to be difficult places to liv e.
These are usually places with hostile environment e.g. dese rt
areas of the world.
• More than 75% of the world’s population lives in the
continents of Africa and Asia.
Country Population
(million) Country Population
(million)
1. China 1369 2. India 1270
3. USA 321 4. Indonesia 255
5. Brazil 204 6. Pakistan 189
7. Nigeria 183 8. Bangladesh 158
9. Russia 146 10. Japan 126
Population Density
• Density is defined as number of persons in per unit area. The
density varies not only from one country to another within a
continent but also from one part to the other within a country .
• The highest densities are found in North- Eastern USA,
North-West Europe, South Asia, South-East Asia and East
Asia.
• The lowest densities are found in hot and cold deserts, areas
around pole, high rainfall area near equator.
Demographic Variables
Birth Rate Number of live births per 1000 population in a given
year. High birth rate found in Africa while lowest is in
Europe.
Death Rate Number of deaths per 1000 population in a given
year.
Infant Mortality Rate The number of deaths of infants under per
1000 live births in a year.
Maternal Mortality Rate The number of women who die as a
result of pregnancy and child birth complications per 10000 0
live births in a year.
Total Fertility Rate The average number of children that would
be born alive to a women.
Population Pyramid A bar chart that is arranged vertically to
show the distribution of population by age and sex. Males are
on the left and females on the right.
--- PDF PAGE 1084 ---
Doubling Time The number of years required for the
population of an area to double itself, at current rate of
population growth.
Age-Dependency Ratio The ratio of persons in the ages defined
as dependent (under 15 years and over 64 years) to persons
in the ages defined as economically productive (15-64
years).
Demographic Transition It refers to shift of birth and death
rates from high to low levels. The decline in fertility is
always delayed leading to population growth.
Migration
Migration means the movement of people from one place to the
other.
Types of Migration
• In the context of domestic migration, migration can be eithe r
in-migration or out-migration.
– In-migration The process of entering one administrative
sub-division of a country from another sub-division.
– Out-migration The process of leaving one sub-division of
a country to take up residence in another.
• International migration can be classified into the followi ng :
– Emigration It refers to the process of leaving one country
to take up permanent or semi-permanent residence in
another.
– Immigration It is a process of entering one country from
another to take up permanent or semi-permanent residence.
• Refugee A person who is residing outside country of his/her
origin due to fear of persecution for reasons of race, religi on,
nationality or political opinion.
• Internally Displaced Person A person who is
forced to leave his/her home region due to
unfavourable conditions, but does not cross any
boundary.
Human Development
• Development means qualitative change, which is
always value positive.
• The concept of human development was introduced
by Dr Mahbub-ul-Haq. Dr Haq has described
human development as that development that
enlarges people choices and improves their lives.The
four pillars of human development are equality,
sustainability, productivity and empowerment.
Human Development Index
• The Human Development Report is an annual
milestone publication by the Human Development
Report office of the United Nations Development
Programme (UNDP).
• The Report was first launched in 1990 by the world
renowned Pakistani economist Mahbub-ul-Haq and
Indian Nobel laureate Amartya Sen.
• Human development is measured in terms of life
expectancy at birth, education and per capita
income.
• Norway has highest HDI ranking. India ranks
130th in the list.
(i) HDi ranking (2016)
(ii) India ranks 131
(iii) Norway topped the Index
879GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1085 ---
880 CDS Pathfinder
1. Which of the following is the chief
characteristic of ‘mixed farming’?
(a) Cultivation of both cash crops and
food crops
(b) Cultivation of two or more crops in
the same field
(c) Rearing of animals and cultivation
of crops together
(d) None of the above
2. Consider the following statements
1. Areas with high density of
population have generally
longer jhum cycle.
2. In New Zealand, cattle are
kept on fairly small farms and
carefully fed to give quality
meat.
3. Cash crops are never grown in
jhuming cultivation.
4. Livestock farming is usually a
response to difficult conditions.
Which of the statements given
above are incorrect?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 4
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 3 and 4
3.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Ranchos 1. India
B. Favelas 2. Brazil
C. Kavettits 3. Venezuela
D. Bustee 4. Myanmar
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 3 2 4 1
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 4 2 3 1
4.
Infant mortality rate
(a) the ratio of number deaths of
children under 3 months to the
number of live births
(b) the ratio of number deaths of
children under 6 months to the
number of live births
(c) the ratio of number deaths of
children under 1 year to the
number of live births
(d) the ratio of number deaths of
children under 1 year to the
number of children below 5 years
5.
Which of the following is a low
density area?
1. Equatorial forest
2. Tropical deserts
3. Eastern Asia
4. North-Eastern America
Select the answer using the codes
given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 1, 3 and 4
6.
Consider the following countries
1. Bangladesh 2. Brazil
3. Indonesia 4. Japan
The correct sequence of these
countries in descending order of
their population is
(a) 1, 2, 3, 4 (b) 2, 1, 4, 3
(c) 3, 2, 4, 1 (d) 4, 3, 2, 1
7.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Masai 1. North America
B. Berbers 2. East Africa
C. Red Indians 3. Asia
D. Kirghiz 4. North-West Africa
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 2 1 4 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 2 4 1 3 (d) 1 4 2 3
8.
Match the following
List I
(Russian Regions)
List II
(Industrials)
A. Central Industrial 1. Agro-based
B. Grozny 2. Cotton textiles
C. Volga 3. Machinery
D. Urals 4. Metallurgy
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 1 3 (b) 1 3 5 4
(c) 2 3 1 4 (d) 2 1 4 3
9.
Consider the following mangrove
areas
1. Bhitarkanika
2. Pichavaram
3. Coondapur
Which among the above is/are
situated on the Eastern Coast of
India?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
10.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Iron and steel 1. Dortmund
B. Automobile 2. Seattle
C. Ship building 3. Detroit
D. Aircraft 4. Portsmouth
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 1 4 3 (b) 2 3 1 4
(c) 1 3 4 2 (d) 1 4 3 2
11.
Match the following
List I
(Islands)
List II
(Countries)
A. Corsica 1. Italy
B. Sardinia 2. Greece
C. Crete 3. France
D. Balearic Island 4. Spain
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 1 2 4 (b) 3 2 1 4
(c) 3 4 1 2 (d) 3 2 4 1
12.
Match the following
List I
(Mines)
List II
(Minerals)
A. Flin Flon 1. Coal
B. Sudbury region 2. Petroleum
C. Kuzbass 3. Copper and Tin
D. Baku 4. Gold
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 3 2 4 (b) 4 3 1 2
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 3 4 1 2
13.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Ivanovo 1. Cotton textile industry
B. Magnitogorsk 2. Engineering industry
C. Moscow 3. Iron and steel industry
D. St Petersburg 4. Ship-building industry
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 3 2 1 (b) 1 3 2 4
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 3 2 1 4
14.
Which water separates Australia
from New Zealand?
(a) Cook straits (b) Megallan
(c) T asman sea (d) Great Barrier Reef
15.
The reasons for under exploitation of
tropical forests are
1. few transport routes.
2. mixed species forest.
3. willingness of governments to
conserve forests.
4. the paper made of hardwood is
usually costly.
Select the answer using the codes
given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
PRACTICE EXERCISE
--- PDF PAGE 1086 ---
16. Match the following
List I
(Categories)
List II
(Industries)
A. Primary industry 1. Ship building
B. Secondary industry 2. Pulping of log
C. T ertiary industry 3. Entertainment
and tourism
Codes
A B C A B C
(a) 2 1 3 (b) 1 2 3
(c) 3 1 2 (d) 1 3 2
17.
Match the following
List I
(Ethnic Communities)
List II
(Countries)
A. Apatani 1. China
B. Dyak 2. India
C. Dinka 3. Indonesia
D. Uighur 4. Sudan
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 3 2 4 1
(c) 2 3 1 4 (d) 3 2 1 4
18.
Match the following
List I
(Oil Fields)
List II
(Countries)
A. Masjid-e-Suleiman 1. China
B. Daqing 2. Columbia
C. Magdalene 3. Iran
D. Maikop fields 4. Russia
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 1 2 4 (b) 3 1 4 2
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 3 2 1 4
19.
Match the following
List I
(Landform T ypes)
List II
(Locations)
A. Mariana Trench 1. Atlantic ocean
B. Sunda Trench 2. Arabian sea
C. Pureto Ricotrench
Puerto Rico Trench
3. Indian ocean
D. Carlsberg Ridge 4. West-Pacific
ocean
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 1 2
(c) 3 4 1 2 (d) 4 3 2 1
20.
Identify the correct ascending
order in terms of human
population.
(a) Africa, Oceania, North America,
Europe, Latin America
(b) Oceania, Africa, North America,
Latin America, Europe
(c) Oceania, North America, Latin
America, Europe Africa
(d) Oceania, Latin America, North
America, Africa, Europe
21. Match the following
List I
(Countries)
List II
(Capitals)
A. Iraq 1. Lusaka
B. Zambia 2. Buenos Aires
C. Uganda 3. Baghdad
D. Argentina 4. Kampala
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 3 1 4 2 (d) 2 1 3 4
22.
Which of the following factors
supports the hypothesis of the
permanency of ocean basins and
continents?
1. Absence of normal sedimentary
rocks on the oceanic islands.
2. The cross-section of the ocean
basin, comprising the broad
abyssal through flanked by rim
like continental shelves.
3. Occurrence of shallow-water
sands and muds limited to the
continental shelf and slope,
while that of pelage oozes
being limited to the abyssal
plain.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
23.
The American cotton textile
industry moved from New
England to the Southern states
because
(a) the latter have a more humid
climate
(b) New England diversified its
manufacturing industries
(c) the population growth in the South
provided a major market
(d) the South offered lower cost of
production
24. Which of the following is/are
plantation crop?
1. Cashew 2. Cocoa
3. Areca nut 4. Oil palm
Select the correct answer using
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
25.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Gove and Weipa 1. Oil
B. Mount lsa 2. Gold
C. Broken hill 3. Copper
D. Barrow island 4. Bauxite
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 2 3 1 (b) 4 3 1 2
(c) 3 2 1 4 (d) 4 3 2 1
26.
Match the following
List I
(Countries)
List II
(Commodities)
A. Argentina 1. Gold
B. Australia 2. Nickel
C. USA 3. Meat
D. South Africa 4. Wool
E. Canada 5. Cotton
Codes
A B C D E
(a) 3 5 4 1 2
(b) 3 4 5 1 2
(c) 1 2 3 4 5
(d) 5 4 3 2 1
27.
Match the following
List I
(T ypes of Coal)
List II
(% of Carbon Contents)
A. Magnetite 1. 70%
B. Siderite 2. 72%
C. Haematite 3. Lowest categories
D. Limonite 4. 60%
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 1 2 3 4
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 3 1 4 2
28.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Coffee plantation 1. Flutionte
B. Copper 2. Fazenda
C. River houses 3. Bahia
D. National dish 4. Feijoada
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 2 3 1 4
(c) 2 4 3 1 (d) 2 1 4 3
29.
Consider the following area(s)
1. Central Africa
2. Borneo and Papua-New Guinea
3. Amazon basin
In which of the above area(s) is the
primitive agriculture such as
shifting cultivation or rotational
bush-fallow type of cultivation
found?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
30.
Which of the correct decreasing order
in terms of area of countries of the
Indian subcontinent?
(a) India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh
(b) India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal
(c) India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Nepal
(d) India, Nepal, Pakistan, Bangladesh
881GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1087 ---
882 CDS Pathfinder
31. The term ‘Monsoon Asia’ is
generally used for
(a) Indian subcontinent
(b) South Asia
(c) East Asia, South Asia, South-East
Asia and the islands that rings
South-East Asia
(d) South Asia and East Asia
32.
What is the name of the strait
where ‘Adams bridge’ is situated?
(a) Bering strait
(b) Cook strait
(c) Palk strait
(d) T aiwan strait
33.
Which of the following statements
are correct?
1. Cod is pelagic fish.
2. Toba in Ise Bay, Japan is
renowned for its pearl
industry.
3. Stavanger, Norway specialises
in canning of a fish brisling.
4. Norway’s fishing industry
shifts to Lotofen island from
Bergen in autumn.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 4
(b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4
(d) All of the above
34.
Match the following
List I
(Energy Resources)
List II
(First Place
in the World)
A. Coal production 1. USA
B. Petroleum production 2. Saudi Arabia
C. Petroleum deposits 3. Africa
D. Potential water power 4. China
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 1 2 3 (b) 4 2 3 1
(c) 1 4 2 3 (d) 3 1 4 2
35.
The reasons for the development
of fishing industry in tropics are
1. tropical fish are oily, and so
less popular as food.
2. continental shelves are almost
absent.
3. the different species are
usually mixed and shoals of
same species are rare.
4. the tropical fishing industry is
less mechanised.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
36.
Match the following
List I
(Canals)
List II
(Connects)
A. Kiel Canal 1. Eire to ontario
B. Soo Canal 2. North sea to Black
sea
C. Panama Canal 3. Atlantic to Pacific
D. Welland Canal 4. Superior to Huron
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 2 4 3 1 (d) 3 4 2 1
37.
Which one of the following sets of
conditions is necessary for a good
cultivation of wheat?
(a) Moderate temperature and
moderate rainfall
(b) High temperature and heavy rainfall
(c) High temperature and moderate
rainfall
(d) Low temperature and low rainfall
38. Radio waves are reflected back to
Earth from the
(a) Troposphere
(b) Exosphere
(c) Stratosphere
(d) Ionosphere
39.
Hypsometric graph is a
(a) graph of area-altitude distribution
(b) graph of area-latitude distribution
(c) graph of salinity-temperature
distribution
(d) graph of temperature-pressure
distribution below the sea level
40. Consider the following climatic
and geographical phenomena
1. Condensation
2. High temperature and humidity
3. Orography
4. Vertical wind
Thunder cloud development is
due to which of these phenomena?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
41.
Consider the following statements
1. Almost all of the Africa’s coal
concentrated in Transvaal and
Natal provinces of South
Africa.
2. The largest producer of coal in
Canada is Saskatchewan
province.
3. The coalfields in spain are
concentrated in its Northern
around Oviedo.
4. Cebu island in Indonesia is its
main coal producing area.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 2
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
42.
The two areas having continental
glaciers are
(a) Glacier National Park/Waterton Lakes
National Park
(b) Antarctica/Greenland
(c) Norway/Sweden
(d) Canada/Siberia
43. Which of the following are the
examples of Block mountains?
1. Black forest 2. Sierra Nevada
3. Satpura 4. Alpine
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
44.
The factors that encourage fishing
industries are
1. Long continental shelves.
2. Meeting of warm and cold ocean
currents.
3. Little availability of agricultural
land.
4. Indented coastline.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
45.
Match the following
List I
(Countries)
List II
(Primary Exports)
A. Venezuela 1. Soyabean products
B. Panama 2. Crude petroleum and
petroleum products
C. Paraguay 3. Bananas
D. Dominican 4. Ferro-nickel Republic
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 1 4 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 2 4 3 1 (d) 2 1 4 3
46.
Which of the following is not a
consequence of EI Nino?
(a) Drought in India
(b) Heavy rainfall in Chile
(c) Killing of large number of fishes
across Peruvian
(d) Floods in Australia
47.
Arrange the major seas of the world
in descending order.
1. Bering sea
2. South China sea
3. East China sea
4. Red sea
Codes
(a) 2, 1, 3, 4 (b) 1, 2, 3, 4
(c) 2, 3, 1, 4 (d) 4, 3, 1, 2
--- PDF PAGE 1088 ---
883GENERAL STUDIES Geography
48. The sand dune type that forms
long, parallel ridges and occurs in
areas of limited sand supply
owing to convergent wind
directions is called
(a) barchan
(b) transverse
(c) longitudinal
(d) parabolic
49.
The lower zones where water
accumulates and from which the
air has been expelled is
(a) zone of aeration
(b) zone of saturation
(c) zone of intermittent saturation
(d) zone of near saturation
50.
Match the following
List I List II
A. U-shaped valley 1. Limestone landforms
B. Dolines 2. Glacial landforms
C. Stack 3. Marine landforms
D. V-shaped valley 4. Riverine landform
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 3 1 2 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 4 1 3 2
51.
Population density is
(a) number of people per unit of land
(b) agricultural population per unit area
of land
(c) agricultural population per unit area
of cultivated land
(d) ratio between the requirements of
population and the resources
made available to it
52.
The region with grasslands,
extensive rolling plains dull
uniformity and monotony of
scene, no trees, extreme cold and
dryness in winter, can be
described as having
(a) Steppe type of climate
(b) T undra type of climate
(c) China type of climate
(d) Warm temperature Eastern margin
type of climate
53. Match the following
List I
(Tribes)
List II
(Places of Habitat)
A. Innuit 1. Northern Russia
B. Bantu 2. Nicobar Islands
C. Shompen 3. Northern Canada
D. Chukchi 4. Central Africa
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 2 4 1 (b) 3 4 2 1
(c) 3 4 1 2 (d) 1 2 4 3
54.
Which of the following pairs are
correctly matched?
1. Nomadic herding : Afro-Asian arid
Isands
2. Livestock ranching : Amazon basin
3. Mixed farming : Eastern USA
Codes
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) 2 and 3
55.
Estuaries possess distinct blooms of
excessive growth of a pigmented
dinoflagellates. These blooms are
called
(a) red tides (b) sea tides
(c) black tides (d) sea flowers
56.
Which one of the following factors
is responsible for the change in the
regular direction of the ocean
currents in the Indian ocean?
(a) Indian ocean is half an ocean
(b) Indian ocean has monsoon drift
(c) Indian ocean is a land-locked ocean
(d) Indian ocean has greater variation in
salinity
57. Match the following
List I
(Minerals)
List II
(Major Mining
Countries)
A. Bauxite 1. India
B. Manganese 2. Japan
C. Mica 3. Jamaica
D. Tin 4. Russia
5. Malaysia
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 5 4 1 3 (b) 3 1 2 5
(c) 5 1 2 3 (d) 3 4 1 5
58.
The main reason that the Earth
experiences highest temperatures
in the subtropics in the Northern
hemisphere rather than at the
equator is
(a) subtropical areas tend to have less
cloud cover than equatorial areas
(b) subtropical areas have longer day
hours in the summer than the
equatorial
(c) subtropical areas have an enhanced
‘green house effect’ compared to
equatorial areas
(d) subtropical areas are nearer to the
oceanic areas than the equatorial
locations
59.
Which one of the following provides
the force needed to drive the
atmospheric circulation?
(a) Higher biotic content of the tropical
latitudes and lower piotic content of
the polar latitudes
(b) The energy content between high
insolation tropical latitudes and the
low insolation polar latitudes
(c) Higher rotational speed of lower
latitudes lower rotational speed of
higher latitudes
(d) Equatorial radius of the Earth is
longer than the polar radius
60.
In development of synclinal ridges
and anticlinal valley in a folded
region is named as
(a) parallel belt of valleys and ridges
(b) abrasion platform
(c) topography of inversion of relief
(d) ridge and valley landscape
61.
The fault that connects spreading
ridges in the Gulf of California and
on the Juan de Fuca plate is an
example of a plate boundary
(a) continental-continental
(b) oceanic-continental
(c) divergent
(d) transform
62.
Strike is defined as the
(a) number of degrees a plane is
inclined from horizontal
(b) intensity of folding and faulting in a
region
(c) line formed by the intersection of a
horizontal plane with an inclined
plane
(d) amount of stress stored in rocks
63.
A pyramid-shaped peak known as a
horn is formed
(a) by headward erosion of a group of
cirque on a mountain peak
(b) when two or more valley glaciers
merge to form a much a larger
glacier
(c) as till is modified by floods of
glacier melt water
(d) when a continental glacier freezes to
its underlying surface and ceases
moving
64.
The erosive power of a river
depends mostly upon its
(a) width and depth
(b) speed and depth
(c) gradient and width
(d) speed and volume
65.
The Andes of South America and
the Himalayas in Asia are still
forming and are the result of plates
colliding at .... and plate
boundaries.
(a) divergent/transform
(b) oeanic-oceanic/continental continental
(c) transform/passive continental margin
(d) oceanic-continental/continental
continental
--- PDF PAGE 1089 ---
884 CDS Pathfinder
66. According to the currently
accepted theory for the origin of
the Solar System
(a) a huge nebula collapsed under its
own gravitational attraction
(b) the nebula formed a disc with the
sun in the centre
(c) planetesmials accreted from
gaseous, liquid and solid particles
(d) All of the above
67. The 2004, Tsunami was the result
of
(a) subduction of India plate below the
eurasian plate
(b) subduction of Indian plate below
the burmese plate
(c) subduction of eurasian plate below
the Indian plate
(d) subduction of burmese plate below
the Indian plate
68. Various coastal features are
formed before a stack is finally
produced. In what order to the
features produced, take place?
(a) Cave, Headland, Arch, Stack
(b) Headland, Cave, Arch, Sack
(c) Arch, Cave, Headland, Stack
(d) Headland, Arch, Cave, Stack
69. When a submerged highland
coast is subject to wave action
over a long period of time, all of
the following features may
develop except
(a) a spit (b) a cliff
(c) a lagoon (d) a raised beach
70.
Consider the following
1. Electromagnetic radiation.
2. Geothermal energy.
3. Gravitational force.
4. Plate movements.
5. Rotation of the Earth.
6. Revolution of the Earth.
Which of the above are
responsible for bringing dynamic
changes on the surface of Earth?
(a) 1, 2, 3 and 4 (b) 1, 3, 5 and 6
(c) 2, 4, 5 and 6 (d) All of these
71.
Which one of the following
sentences best defines the term
‘Lapies’?
(a) A small to medium sized shallow
depression
(b) A landform whose opening is more
or less circular at the top and
funnel shaped towards bottom
(c) A landform formed due to dripping
water from surface
(d) An irregular surface with sharp
pinnacles, grooves and ridges
72.
Identify which of the following
statements is incorrect.
(a) Reunion Island is of volcanic origin
(b) The submarine ridge in the Indian
ocean is called St Paul Ridge in
the middle portion
(c) The Atlantic ocean lacks in troughs
and trenches
(d) Puerto Rico trench lies in South
Atlantic ocean
73.
Which one of the following
represents the correct North to
South order of trenches in the
Pacific ocean?
(a) Kuril, Japan, Bonin, T onga
(b) Japan, Kuril, Bonin, T onga
(c) Japan, Kuril, T onga, Bonin
(d) Kuril, Japan, T onga, Bonin
74.
Which one of the following
statements is incorrect about the
red clay deposits in the oceans?
(a) It consists mainly of inorganic
material
(b) Silicon and aluminium dioxide are
the chief constituents
(c) It is the most widely spread
pelagic deposite
(d) It covers about 58% of the total
oceanic area
75. Identify the following statements
is incorrect.
(a) Limestone is both porous and
permeable
(b) Limestone consists chiefly of
insoluble calcium carbonate
(c) Karst landscape is well developed
in Yucatan peninsula (Mexico)
(d) A rock which is impermeable, does
not contain water
76. Which of the following statements
is incorrect
(a) Continental shelf is almost absent
in the Eastern Pacific, especially in
South America
(b) Flat topped seamounts are know
as guyots
(c) A shoal is a detached elevation
with shallow depths
(d) Along the Eastern coast of the US,
continental shelf is almost absent
77.
Match the following
List I
(Geological Era)
List II
(Geological Period)
A. Mesozoic 1. Permian
B. Proterozoic 2. Pre-cambrian
C. Cenozoic 3. Triassic
D. Palaeozoic 4. T ertiary
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 2 3 4 1 (d) 3 2 4 1
78.
The process by which rock particles
are reduced in size by rubbing
against each other or against the
surface during transport by wind,
water or ice is referred to as
(a) deflation (b) exfoliation
(c) solution (d) attrition
79.
Under which one of the following
conditions is physical weathering
most effective?
(a) Hot and dry all the time
(b) Hot and wet all the time
(c) Hot season alternating with dry season
(d) Large diurnal temperature range
80.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. Nearly 99% of the total mass of
the atmosphere lies within 30 km
of the Earth’s surface.
2. The proportion of ozone in the
atmosphere increases to a
maximum at about 60 km from
Earth’s surface.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
81.
What type of vegetation occurs where
the following conditions prevail?
1. Podzol solis.
2. Annual temperature range 38°C.
3. Annual precipitation about 300
mm which is fairly uniform
distributed throughout the year.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Thorn shrub
(b) Coniferous forest
(c) T emperature grassland
(d) Monsoon forest
82.
Mediterranean climate is
characterised by very dry summers
because
(a) the relative humidity is low
(b) the skies are cloudless
(c) the trade winds blow from the land to
the sea
(d) there are no off-shore winds
83. Which one of the following is not a
characteristic of the equatorial and
tropical rain forest?
(a) A lush green biome
(b) Broadleaf evergreen trees
(c) Dense canopy usually arranged in
three levels
(d) Low diversity in plants and animals
--- PDF PAGE 1090 ---
885GENERAL STUDIES Geography
84. Cloudy nights are warmer
compared to clear cloudless
nights, because clouds
(a) prevent cold waves from the sky
from descending of Earth
(b) reflect back the heat given off by
Earth
(c) produce heat and radiate it
towards Earth
(d) absorb heat from the atmosphere
and send it towards Earth
85. Which one of the following facts
was not considered by those while
discussing the concept of sea floor
spreading?
(a) Volcanic activity along the
mid-oceanic ridges
(b) Stripes of normal and reverse
magnetic field observed in rocks of
ocean floor
(c) Distribution of fossils in different
continents
(d) Age of rocks from the ocean floor
86.
The Pacific Islands from new
Guinea South-Eastwards to the
Fiji Islands’ group is called
(a) the Polynesia (b) the Mellanesia
(c) the Autralasia (d) the Micronesia
87.
Consider the following statements
1. Galaxies are the major
building block of the universe.
2. Galaxies may be regular or
irregular in shape.
3. Each galaxy comprises an
average of 100 billion stars.
4. A galaxy is a huge mass of
stars, nebulae and inter-stellar
material.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1, 3 and 4 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
88.
Which of the following statements
is incorrect?
(a) RA Daly gave the glacial control
theory for origin of coral reefs
(b) The Neritic province and oceanic
province are separated by the
edge of continental slope
(c) The Benthic realm is subdivided
into littoral and deep-sea zones,
which are separated by a depth of
200 m
(d) Corals grow more rapidly on
seaward side
89.
Which one of the following
statements is correct?
(a) A buried body of magnetite
generates the magnetic field
(b) isostatic rebound results in
subsidence of the crust
(c) liquid iron-nickel alloy makes up
most of the asthenosphere
(d) Magnetic inclination is 90° at the
poles
90. Consider the following statements
1. Ocean currents are the
slow-surface movement of water
in the sea.
2. Ocean currents assist in
maintaining the Earth’s heat
balance.
3. Ocean currents are set in motion
primarily by prevailing winds.
4. Ocean currents are affected by
the configuration of the ocean.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
91.
Which one of the following is the
highest plateau in the world?
(a) Colorado plateau
(b) Tibetan plateau
(c) Patagonia plateau
(d) Potwar plateau
92.
Which of the following statements
is the reason for ‘Seasons’ on the
surface of the Earth?
(a) Rotation of the Earth
(b) Revolution of the Earth around the
Sun
(c) The 23.5° inclination of the Earth’s
rotation axis with respect to the
plane of the ecliptic
(d) Revolution of Earth in elliptical orbit
around the Sun
93.
Which of the following statements
is incorrect?
(a) The largest plutonic form is batholith
(b) Limestone is the most common
clastic sedimentary rock
(c) Anthracite coal is a sedimentary rock
(d) The cementation, compaction and
hardening of sediments into
sedimentary rock is called lithification
94.
Which of the following pairs is
incorrectly matched?
Rock Metamorphic
Equivalent
(a) Clay : Slate
(b) Granite : Gneiss
(c) Gabro : Serpentine
(d) Sandstone : Marble
95.
Which of the following pairs is
incorrect?
(a) North-East Pacific : Dogger Bank
(b) North-West Atlantic : Grand Banks
(c) North-East Atlantic : Great Fisher Bank
(d) North-West Atlantic : Chesapeake Bay
96.
Longshore currents are generated,
when
(a) isostatic rebound occur more rapidly
than sea-level rise
(b) the orbital motion of water in waves
stirs up seafloor sediment
(c) the amount of sand reaching a
beach diminishes
(d) waves approach a shoreline at an
angle
97. Continental shelf is
(a) a part of oceanic crust made of
granite
(b) a part of continental crust made of
basalt
(c) a part of oceanic crust made of
basalt
(d) a part of continental crust made of
granite
98. South Pacific island nation Samoa,
positioned to the East of the
International Date Line, on May
2011 decided to forego a day and
shift to the time zone on its West.
The reason for this shifting is to
(a) facilitate smooth internal
administration throughout the country
(b) attain political stability in the country
(c) facilitate trade with Australia and
New Zealand
(d) promote tourism industry in the
country
99. Which one among the following is
not an important factor of climate
of an area?
(a) Latitude
(b) Longitude
(c) Altitude
(d) Distance from the sea
100.
Renewable energy can be obtained
from
(a) Fossils
(b) Radioactive elements
(c) Biomass
(d) Natural gas
Directions (Q. Nos. 101-102) The
following two items consist of two
statements, Statement I and
Statement II. You are to examine
these two statements carefully and
select the answers to these items
using the codes given below.
Codes
(a) Both the statements are individually true
and Statement II is the correct
explanation of Statement I
(b) Both the statements are individually true,
but Statement II is not the correct
explanation of Statement I
(c) Statement I is true, but Statement II is
false
(d) Statement I is false, but Statement II is
true
--- PDF PAGE 1091 ---
886 CDS Pathfinder
101. Statement I El-Nino is a
temperature rising phenomenon
over the Pacific Ocean and
usually causes dry monsoon in
South Asia.
Statement II Tsunamis are
usually not noticed as the
massive ocean waves move
silently but assume destructive
form as these travel through
shallow waters of continental
shelves.
102. Statement I Anticyclone,
which is a high pressure wind
system, does not bring about
significant change in weather
condition.
Statement II The outward
movement of wind from the high
pressure centre keeps limited
scope for weather disturbance.
103. Israel has common borders with
(a) Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Egypt
(b) T urkey, Syria, Jordan and Yemen
(c) Lebanon, Syria, T urkey and Jordan
(d) Cyprus, T urkey, Jordan and Egypt
104.
How many kilometres are
represented by 1° of latitude?
(a) 321 km (b) 211 km
(c) 111 km (d) 91 km
105.
Climate change resulting in the
rise of temperature may benefit
which of the countries/regions?
(a) South Africa
(b) East Indies islands comprising of
Java, Sumatra and Borneo
(c) The Western coasts of South
America
(d) Russia and Northern Europe
106. The broken hills famous for zinc
and lead are located in
(a) T urkey (b) France
(c) Germany (d) Australia
107.
When we consider 15° meridian
on a world map or globe and
count them in an Eastward
direction starting with
Greenwich meridian (0°), we
find that the time of this
meridian is
(a) same as Greenwich
(b) 1 hour fast
(c) 1 hour slow
(d) 12 hours fast
108.
A nautical mile is equal to
(a) 5060 feet (b) 5280 feet
(c) 6060 feet (d) 6080 feet
109.
Horse latitudes lie within the
atmospheric pressure belts of
(a) Polar high
(b) Equatorial low
(c) Sub-tropical high
(d) Sub-polar low
110.
The warm and dry winds that
blow down the steep valleys in
Japan are called
(a) Zonda (b) Yamo
(c) Tramontane (d) Santa Ana
111.
Match the following
List I
(Local Winds)
List II
(Areas of Prevalence)
A. Chinook 1. North African desert
B. Foehn 2. Rocky mountain
slopes of the USA
C. Sirocco 3. Northern slopes of
Alps
D. Mistral 4. Southern slopes of
Alps
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 1 4 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 4 1 3 2 (d) 4 3 1 2
112.
Which one of the following
countries is located South of the
equator?
(a) Cameroon (b) Sudan
(c) Nigeria (d) Rwanda
113.
Mr X has been invited to
participate in a conference to be
held at Buenos Aires. He has
choosen the following shortest
flight route
Mumbai to Frankfurt (non-stop)
Frankfurt to Sao Paulo (non-stop)
Sao Paulo to Buenos Aires
(non-stop)
Which one of the following seas
will likely to be flown over by
Mr X?
(a) T asman Sea (b) Labrador Sea
(c) Beautfort Sea (d) Black Sea
114.
Why do fold mountains have
enormous thickness of
sedimentary rocks?
(a) Due to deposition of sediments in
a valley for millions of years
(b) Due to accumulation of sediments
in a geosyncline
(c) The plains were folded into
mountains
(d) The sediments were folded into
recumbent and nappe folds
115. Which of the following best
explain why the lower course of a
river is sometimes choked with
sediments?
1. The valley of a river is widest in
its lower course.
2. The velocity of a river in its
lower course is low.
3. The delta sometimes develops in
a river’s lower course.
4. Much of the river water is
drawn for irrigation in the
lower course.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 2 and 4 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
116.
Why South-East Asia has the
largest concentration of peasant
population at the global scale?
(a) The area is dominated by shifting
cultivation due to favourable terrain
character
(b) Intensive subsistence farming is
practised in the region
(c) The region has favourable and
healthier climate
(d) The area has a large forested area
which is cleared for cultivation of
various crops
117.
Which among the following
monoculture crops provide(s)
immediate cash to the farmers?
1. Tea in Assam
2. Rubber in Africa
3. Sugarcane in Malaysia
4. Coffee in Brazil
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 4
118.
Which one among the following
best explains the reason for the
Eastern and Western boundaries
of the Pacific Ocean experiencing
frequent earthquake?
(a) There are deep ocean trenches
along these margins
(b) High mountain stretch along the
continental margins adjacent to this
ocean
(c) The currents of the vast Pacific
Ocean continue to dash against the
continental margins
(d) These margins coincide with the
plate margins
119.
Asia has large areas of inland
drainage. Why is it so?
(a) Rainfall is seasonal and scanty
(b) There is a number of intermontane
plateaus
(c) River channels are obstructed by
lava flows
(d) It is a very large continent
--- PDF PAGE 1092 ---
887GENERAL STUDIES Geography
120. The Earth revolves around the
Sun in an elliptical path and the
Sun is located at one focus of
the ellipse. Imagine a situation
in which the Earth goes around
the Sun on a circular path.
Which one among the following
would result in under that
situation?
(a) It would not make any difference
(b) Difference between seasons will
be reduced
(c) The Earth would become very
hot
(d) The Earth would become very
cold
121. In the interior of the Earth
(a) the temperature falls with
increasing depth
(b) the pressure falls with increasing
depth
(c) the temperature rises with
increasing depth
(d) both temperature and pressure
fall with increasing depth
122. Currently half of the world’s
population live in just six
countries. Identify them from
the following
(a) India, China, Pakistan, Brazil,
Bangladesh, Indonesia
(b) India, China, Bangladesh, South
Africa, Pakistan, Indonesia
(c) China, India, United States,
Indonesia, Brazil, Pakistan
(d) China, India, Bangladesh, United
States, Pakistan, Indonesia
123. The angular speed of a
whirlwind in a Tornado towards
the centre
(a) decreases rapidly
(b) increases
(c) remains constant
(d) slowly becomes zero
124.
Global Positioning System (GPS)
is associated with
1. determining latitude and
longitude.
2. constellation of satellites.
3. US system of GPS and
Russian system of GLONASS.
4. navigation.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 4
(b) 1 and 4
(c) 2 and 3
(d) All of the above
125.
Which one among the following
statement is correct?
(a) In summer season, the duration of
day is more in Northern
hemisphere
(b) In winter season, the duration of
day is more in Northern
hemisphere
(c) In summer season, the duration of
day is less in Northern hemisphere
(d) In winter season, the duration of
day is more in Southern
hemisphere
126.
What is the similarity between
Milwaukee Deep, Java Trench
and Challenger Deep?
(a) They all are trenches in the Pacific
Ocean
(b) They are the deepest points of the
Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans,
respectively
(c) They all are trenches in the India
Ocean
(d) They all are deeps of the Atlantic
Ocean
127.
Wind is often found to blow in a
hot summer day due to
(a) conduction of heat between air
and soil on the Earth
(b) radiation from the soil
(c) convection current of air
(d) None of the above
128. Most of the communication
satellites today are placed in a
geostationary orbit. In order to
stay over the same spot on the
Earth, a geostationary satellite
has to be directly above the
(a) Tropic of Cancer
(b) Either North or South Pole
(c) Equator
(d) Tropic of Capricorn
129.
The term ‘demographic gap’
signifies the difference
(a) in sex ratio
(b) in age
(c) in child/woman ratio
(d) between the birth and the death
rate
130.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Suez Canal is an important
link between developed
countries and developing
countries.
2. It joins the Mediterranean sea
with the Gulf of Suez.
3. It is not a sea level canal.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) Only 1
131.
Statement I Wind is deflected to
the right in Northern hemisphere
and to the left in Southern
hemisphere from its normal course.
Statement II Earth rotates from
West-to-East.
Codes
(a) Both the statements are individually
true and Statement II is the correct
explanation of Statement I
(b) Both the statements are individually
true, but Statement II is not the
correct explanation of Statement I
(c) Statement I is true, but Statement II
is false
(d) Statement I is false, but Statement II
is true
132.
At high altitudes, pressure cooker
is preferable for cooking, because
the boiling point of water
(a) reduces due to higher atmospheric
pressure
(b) reduces due to lower atmospheric
pressure
(c) increases due to reduced
gravitational force
(d) reduces due to increased ozone
content in the atmosphere
133. Which one of the following pairs is
not correctly matched?
(a) Kuroshio : Warm ocean current
(b) Labrador : Warm ocean current
(c) Benguela : Cold ocean current
(d) Oyashio : Cold ocean current
134.
Which one among the following is
the idealised global pattern of
surface wind from the Equator to
Pole?
(a) Doldrum - Westerlies - Trade wind -
Easterlies
(b) Easterlies - Westerlies - Trade wind -
Easterlies
(c) Doldrum - Trade wind - Westerlies -
Easterlies
(d) Westerlies - Trade wind - Doldrum -
Easterlies
135. The Earth is an oblate spheroid
and not a perfect sphere. This is
because
1. the Earth has a rotational
motion and the rotational speed
increases as one goes from the
poles towards the equator.
2. the equator experiences greater
gravitational pull from the sun.
3. the intensity of sunlight received
at the equator is greater than
that at the poles.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
--- PDF PAGE 1093 ---
888 CDS Pathfinder
136. Which one of the following is the
correct sequence of increasing
velocity of wind?
(a) Light breeze - Fresh breeze -
Gale - Hurricane
(b) Fresh breeze - Light breeze -
Hurricane - Gale
(c) Light breeze - Gale -
Fresh breeze - Hurricane
(d) Hurricane - Light breeze - Gale -
Fresh breeze
137. Which one of the following
mountain ranges separates
Europe from Asia?
(a) Apenine (b) Black Forest
(c) Ural (d) Sulaiman
138.
Which one among the following
is not a Baltic nation?
(a) Lativia (b) Slovakia
(c) Lithuania (d) Estonia
139.
During the Indian monsoon
season
(a) the Westerly jet stream alone
exists in the Indian region
(b) the Easterly jet stream alone
exists in the Indian region
(c) both Westerly and Easterly jet
streams exist in the Indian region
(d) both Westerly and Easterly jet
streams disappear
140. Which one of the following is the
correct sequence of the following
topographical features found
from upper to lower course of a
river?
(a) Ox-bow lake-Rapids-Estuary
(b) Rapids-Estuary-Ox-bow lake
(c) Rapids-Ox-bow lake-Estuary
(d) Estuary-Ox-bow lake-Rapids
141.
The Earth moves around the
Sun in an elliptical trajectory
due to gravity. If another Sun
like star is brought near the
Earth, what will be the shape of
the trajectory?
(a) Ellipse
(b) Parabola
(c) Circle
(d) It will be undeterministic
142.
Which one of the following
countries does not have a border
with China?
(a) Myanmar (b) Afghanistan
(c) Thailand (d) Kazakhstan
143.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Earth does not move
along its orbit at a constant
rate.
2. The Earth moves fastest at
perihelion and slowest at
aphelion.
The above statements are true of
which one of the following laws?
(a) Kepler’s second law
(b) Newton’s second law of motion
(c) Ohm’s law
(d) Newton’s law of gravitation
144.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. A hurricane acquires its spin
from the coriolis effect.
2. The diameter of the hurricane
decreases as it moves away
from low latitudes.
3. The diameter of a hurricane is
never below 150 km.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
145.
Which among the following pairs
are correct?
1. Cirque and Col Glacial topography
2. Barkhans and
Yardans
Desert topography
3. Eddies and
Potholes
Fluvial topography
Select the correct answer using the
code given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 1 and 3
146.
Which one of the following is a
correct sequence in the increasing
order of salinity concentration?
(a) Gulf of California, Baltic Sea, Red
Sea, North Sea
(b) Baltic Sea, North Sea, Gulf of
California, Red Sea
(c) Red Sea, Gulf of California, North
Sea, Baltic Sea
(d) North Sea, Gulf of California, Baltic
Sea, Red Sea
147. If the Earth did not have an
atmosphere, temperature extremes
between day and night would
(a) increase (b) decrease
(c) stay the same (d) fluctuate rapidly
148.
The time at Cairo is 2 hours
ahead of Greenwich. Hence, it is
located at
(a) 30°W longitude (b) 30°E longitude
(c) 28°E longitude (d) 28°W longitude
149.
Which one of the following
trains/railways passes through
Germany, France, Austria,
Hungary and Romania?
(a) Trans-Siberian
(b) Cape-Cairo
(c) Orient Express
(d) Union and Central Pacific
150.
Match the following
List I
(Spheres of the
Earth)
List II
(Main Constituents
of the Sphere)
A. Lithosphere 1. Living objects
B. Hydrosphere 2. Mixture of gases
C. Atmosphere 3. Water
D. Biosphere 4. Soil
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 2 3 1
(c) 1 3 2 4 (d) 4 3 2 1
151.
Which of the following seas are
enclosed?
1. Andaman Sea 2. Arab Sea
3. Sea of Azov 4. Bering Sea
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 3 and 4
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 1 and 4
152.
The jet streams are
(a) wind systems with a pronounced
seasonal reverse at a direction
(b) winds blowing from the sub-tropical
high-pressure belts towards the
subpolar low-pressure belts
(c) narrow meandering bands of swift
winds which blow in the midlatitudes
near the tropopause and encircle the
globe
(d) winds blowing from the sub-polar
low-pressure belts towards the
sub-tropical high-pressure belts
153.
If the movement of the Earth’s
crust or a major climatic change
makes an old stream young, it is
called
(a) consequent stream
(b) rejuvenation
(c) subsequent stream
(d) aggradation
154.
Tsunamis are not caused by
(a) hurricanes
(b) Earthquakes
(c) undersea landslides
(d) volcanic eruptions
155.
An earthquake epicentre is the
(a) point where the seismograph is
located
(b) point within the Earth where the
movement along the fault occurs
(c) approximate centre of a group of
related earthquakes
(d) point on the surface directly above
where the rupture along the fault
zone occur
--- PDF PAGE 1094 ---
2012 (I)
1. If news is broadcast from London
at 10 : 30 am, at what time it will
be heard at Baghdad ( 45° E)?
(a) 7 : 30 am (b) 9 : 00 am
(c) 1 : 30 pm (d) 12 : 00 noon
2.
Which one among the following
statements is correct with regard
to the C-5M Super Galaxy?
(a) It is a large military helicopter
(b) It is a large military transport
aircraft
(c) It is a galaxy of stars very close to
the Sun
(d) It is a US fighter aircraft to be
completed in 2014
3. Lack of atmosphere around the
Moon is due to
(a) low escape velocity of air molecule
and low gravitational attraction
(b) high escape velocity of air
molecule and low gravitational
attraction
(c) low gravitational attraction only
(d) high escape velocity of air
molecule only
4.
What are G arboreum,
G herbaceum G hirsutum and
G barbadense whose all the four
species are cultivated in India?
(G=Gossypium)
(a) Species of wool
(b) Species of cotton
(c) Species of silk
(c) Species of jute
5.
The soil formed by wind dust in
and around hot deserts is called
(a) silty soil (b) loamy soil
(c) sandy soil (d) loess soil
6.
Logically, what does a continually
rising air pressure indicate?
(a) Advent of unsettled and cloudy
weather
(b) Advent of a cyclone
(c) Fine and settled weather
(d) Fine and unsettled weather
7. Which one among the following is
the type of the Comoros Islands,
which lie in the Indian Ocean
between Northern Madagascar
and the African Coast?
(a) Volcanic (b) Glacial eroded
(c) Eolian deposited (d) Folded
8.
The imaginary line on the Earth’s
surface that closely follows the
180
0 Meridian is
(a) Prime Meridian
(b) Equator
(c) International Date Line
(d) Tropic of Cancer
9.
Which one among the following is
not a landlocked country in
Africa?
(a) Botswana (b) Zambia
(c) Lesotho (d) Nigeria
10.
The distance between two
consecutive longitudes (91°E and
92° E) at the Poles is
(a) 0 km (b) 18 km
(c) 25 km (d) 111 km
2012 (II)
11.
Which one among the following is
called terrestrial planet?
(a) Mercury (b) Jupiter
(c) Saturn (d) Uranus
12.
Which among the following
phenomenas can occur when very
warm and humid air is rising
over a mass of a very cold air?
1. Calm weather
2. Snowfall
3. Storms and cyclonic storms
4. Intense rain and hail
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 4
13.
During the recent venus transit
(June, 2012) bracket, the planet
appeared as a tiny black circle
moving on the Sun. The black
colour on the Sun is because the
planet
(a) is black in colour
(b) obstructed all light from the Sun
(c) was invisible due to bright rays
from the Sun
(d) behaved as a black hole during its
transit
14. The waves that help scientists to
understand the internal structure
of the Earth are
(a) primary waves
(b) secondary waves
(c) surface waves
(d) longitudinal waves
Directions (Q. Nos. 15-17) The
following questions consist of two
statements, Statement I and
Statement II. You are to examine these
two statements carefully and select the
answers to these items using the codes
given below .
Codes
(a) Both the statements are individually true
and Statement II is the correct
explanation of Statement I
(b) Both the statements are individually true,
but Statement II is not the correct
explanation of Statement I
(c) Statement I is true, but Statement II is
false
(d) Statement I is false, but Statement II is
true
15.
Statement I The planet Neptune
appears blue in colour.
Statement II The presence of
methane gas in the atmosphere of
Neptune is responsible for its colour.
16. Statement I Comets revolve around
the Sun only in long elliptical orbits.
Statement II A comet develops a
tail when it gets close to the Sun.
17. Statement I Tsunami is small in
open ocean yet may be over 30 m
high when it reaches a coastline.
Statement II Tsunamis have long
wavelength and they travel across
the open ocean at high speed. As
they approach shore, the wavelength
decreases and the wave height
increases.
18. There are three distinct characters of
temperature stratification of
atmosphere around the Earth. Which
one among the following is the
correct arrangement of the layers
(from the Earth’s surface upwards)?
(a) Thermosphere - Stratosphere -
Troposphere
(b) Troposphere - Thermosphere -
Stratosphere
(c) Troposphere - Stratosphere -
Thermosphere
(d) Thermosphere- Troposphere -
Stratosphere
889GENERAL STUDIES Geography
QUESTIONS FROM
CDS EXAM (2012-2016)
--- PDF PAGE 1095 ---
890 CDS Pathfinder
19. Consider the following diagram
In the diagram given above, what
does A denote?
(a) Doldrums (b) Trade winds
(c) Westerlies (d) Easterlies
20.
Sargasso sea is characterised by
(a) very cold water
(b) very warm water
(c) highly saline water
(d) typical marine vegetation
21.
Which one among the following
statements regarding Chinook
winds is not correct?
(a) These are local winds
(b) They descend along the Eastern
slopes of the rocky mountain in
mid-latitudes
(c) They bring lots of rain with them
(d) They benefit agriculture
22.
The expression South Asia usually
includes
(a) Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives,
Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka
(b) Nepal, Bhutan, India, Afghanistan,
China, Pakistan and Sri Lanka
(c) Bangladesh, India, China, Nepal,
Japan, Pakistan and Maldives
(d) Bangladesh, Bhutan, China,
Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and
Sri Lanka
23.
Farmers are requested to mix lime
with soil while farming their fields.
This is because
(a) lime is very helpful in maintaining
the water content in the soil
(b) lime decreases the acidity of soil
(c) lime decreases the basicity of soil
(d) high concentration of lime is
necessary for the plant growth
24. Consider the following statement(s)
1. Rural forestry aims to raise the
trees on community land and on
privately owned land.
2. Farm forestry encourages
individual farmers to plant trees
on their own farmland to meet
the domestic need of the family.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
25.
In absorption of insolation, the
most significant part is played by
(a) carbon dioxide (b) ozone
(c) oxygen (d) haze
26.
The riverbank is weakest where
the river turns. This is because
water
(a) gets concentrated on the inner
bank of the turn, making it
denser
(b) effectively bounces off the outer
bank as it turns exerting an extra
pressure on the bank
(c) flows faster as it turns
(d) reacts more effectively with the
bank at a turn
27.
Why do we have a leap year
every four years?
(a) The Earth gets shifted out of
orbit every four years
(b) The revolution slows down a little
once every four years
(c) The length of a year is not an
integer number of days
(d) It is a convention
28. Rain bearing clouds look black
because
(a) all light is scattered by them
(b) the large number of water
droplets in them absorb all the
sunlight
(c) they reflect the sunlight back into
the atmosphere
(d) there is a lot of dust condensed
on the water vapour in such
clouds
29.
Which one among the following
sequences of water bodies, from
lower to higher salinity
concentration, is correct?
(a) Gulf of California - Baltic Sea -
Red Sea - Arctic sea
(b) Baltic Sea - Arctic Sea - Gulf of
California - Red Sea
(c) Red Sea - Gulf of California -
Arctic Sea - Baltic Sea
(d) Arctic Sea - Gulf of California -
Baltic Sea - Red Sea
2013 (I)
30. ‘Global Dimming’ means
(a) gradual increase of the
temperature of ionosphere
(b) gradual loss of biodiversity hot
spots
(c) gradual reduction in the amount
of global direct irradiance at the
Earth surface
(d) gradual increase in the melting of
ice in polar regions
31.
Confirmation of the presence of
Higgs Boson will justify
(a) both the standard model and
superstring theory
(b) the unification of all the four
fundamental forces
(c) the steady-state model of the universe
(d) the mass of the fundamental particles
32. Nearly 30% of the solar radiations
return back to the space without
contributing anything to the Earth’s
surface temperature. This amount of
radiation is known as
(a) black body (b) tropopause
(c) Earth’s albedo (d) mesopause
33.
The planetary winds that blow from the
sub-tropical high pressure belts to the
equator are known as
(a) westerlies (b) doldrums
(c) polar winds (d) trade winds
34.
Which one among the following is a
cold ocean current?
(a) Canary current (b) Brazil current
(c) Gulf stream (d) Kuroshio current
35.
Which parts of the Earth’s surface
experience least variation in
incoming solar radiation throughout
the year?
(a) Poles
(b) Equatorial regions
(c) Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn
(d) Arctic and Antarctic circles
36.
The highest of all spring tides occurs
at the time of
(a) full or new moon in association with
winter solstice
(b) full or new moon in association with
equinox
(c) full or new moon in association with
summer solstice
(d) winter as well as summer solstices
37. Which one among the following is not
a cause of generation of ocean
currents?
(a) Planetary winds
(b) Variation in ocean water temperature
(c) Revolution of the Earth
(d) Shape and configuration of the
coastlines
38. If the time of a place located on 165°
E meridian is 11:00 pm on Sunday,
what would be the time at the place
located on 165° W meridian?
(a) 11:00 pm on Sunday
(b) 12:00 noon on Sunday
(c) 1:00 am on Sunday
(d) 11:00 pm on Saturday
North Pole
Horse Latitude
A
Polar High Pressure Belts
South Pole
--- PDF PAGE 1096 ---
39. Which one among the following
statements about the
International Date Line is not
correct?
(a) The International Date Line is
largely based on the 180° meridian
(b) The difference in time between the
places just either side of the
International Date Line is almost
1 day
(c) The difference in time to the extent
of 1 day on either side of the
International Date Line is caused
by inclined axis of the Earth
(d) The International Date Line mostly
passes through the Pacific Ocean
40.
Which one among the following is
not an igneous rock?
(a) Granite (b) Basalt
(c) Gabbro (d) Gneiss
41.
On which one among the
following islands, does the
Negrito tribe called ‘the Onge’
live?
(a) North Andaman (b) Little Andaman
(c) Little Nicobar (d) Great Nicobar
2013 (II)
42.
Chinook is a
(a) cold wind in Europe
(b) tropical desert storm in West Asia
(c) warm wind in North America
(d) depression to South Africa
43.
The humidity of air measured in
percentage is called
(a) absolute humidity
(b) specific humidity
(c) relative humidity
(d) All of the above
44.
Cordillera in North America is a
(a) river basin
(b) high plateau
(c) inland lake
(d) mountain system
45.
Composite volcanic cone is also
called strata cone because of the
(a) alternating sheets of lava and
pyroclastic materials
(b) uneven streams of lava flow
(c) cataclysmic eruption
(d) eruption of lava flow from a fissure
46. Albedo effect would be relatively
higher in
(a) early morning and late evening
(b) early morning only
(c) noon
(d) late evening only
Directions (Q. Nos. 47-48) The
following questions consist of two
statements, Statement I and
Statement II. You are to examine
these two statements carefully and
select the answers to these items
using the codes given below.
Codes
(a) Both the statements are individually
true and Statement II is the correct
explanation of Statement I
(b) Both the statements are individually
true, but Statement II is not the
correct explanation of Statement I
(c) Statement I is true, but Statement II is
false
(d) Statement I is false, but Statement II
is true
47.
Statement I Typical laterite
soils in India are generally fertile.
Statement II Laterite soils
generally experience leaching.
48. Statement I Southern part of
France is famous for wine making
industry.
Statement II Southern part of
France produces a variety of
fruits due to Mediterranean
climate.
49. Satellite having the same orbital
period as the period of rotation of
the Earth about its own axis is
known as
(a) polar satellite
(b) stationary satellite
(c) geostationary satellite
(d) INSAT
50.
Which one among the following
African countries is not
landlocked?
(a) Zambia (b) Uganda
(c) Angola (d) Zimbabwe
51.
Which one among the following is
a sea without having a coastline?
(a) North sea (b) Sargasso sea
(c) Baltic sea (d) Bering sea
52.
Which of the following is/are true
statement(s) of matrilineal
societies?
1. Newly married couple stays
with the woman’s parents.
2. As per the rules of
inheritance, the property
passes from mother to
daughter.
3. Women play a dominant role
in the family.
4. Examples of matrilineal societies
are those of the Khasi and
Jaintia tribes of Meghalaya.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
53.
In soil, water that, is readily
available to plant roots is
(a) gravitational water
(b) capillary water
(c) hygroscopic water
(d) bound water
54.
Red soil colour is caused by
(a) aluminium compounds
(b) mercury compounds
(c) iron compounds
(d) clay
55.
Mid-latitude cyclones
(a) usually move across North-America
from East to West
(b) are generally found only over the
ocean
(c) generally bring clear skis and little
precipitation
(d) are formed in regions of strong
temperature contrasts
56. The westerlies have their origin in
the
(a) polar highs (b) subtropical highs
(c) equatorial lows (d) sub polar lows
57.
Which one among the following
statements is not correct?
(a) Solar noon occurs simultaneously at
locations with the same longitude
(b) One meridian, which is directly under
the Sun, experiences solar noon at a
given time
(c) Places having same longitude
experience solar noon at different
times
(d) Solar noon occurs at different times at
locations with the same latitude
58.
Oil is found in petroliferous rock.
Which one among the following
structures demonstrates an ideal
trap?
(a) Horizontal structure
(b) Fault structure
(c) Synclinal structure
(d) Anticlinal structure
2014 (I)
59.
A typical black hole is always
specified by
(a) a (curvature) singularity
(b) a horizon
(c) either a (curvature) singularity or a
horizen
(d) a charge
891GENERAL STUDIES Geography
--- PDF PAGE 1097 ---
892 CDS Pathfinder
60. Which of the following
statement(s) relating to
earthquakes is/are correct?
1. The point of origin of
earthquake is called epicenter.
2. The lines joining the places
which were affected
earthquake at the same point
of time are called homoseismal
lines.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
61.
‘Population dividend’ refers to
(a) total number of population
(b) youthful age structure of a
population
(c) relatively high proportion of
experienced aged people
(d) migration from richer region to
poorer region
62. On 8th November, 2013, many
people died in Philippines after a
super typhoon ravaged the
country. What was the name of
the typhoon?
(a) Haiyan (b) Utor
(c) Phailin (d) Nesat
63.
Which of the following is/are
direct source(s) of information
about the interior of the Earth?
1. Earthquake wave
2. Volcano
3. Gravitational force
4. Earth magnetism
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 2
(c) 3 and 4 (d) All of these
64.
Which one of the following is
depositional landform?
(a) Stalagmite (b) Lapis
(c) Sinkhole (d) Cave
65.
Which of the following statements
regarding the duration of day and
night is correct?
(a) Difference is least near the Equator
and progressively increases away
from it
(b) Difference is maximum at the
Equator and progressively
decreases away from it
(c) Difference is least at the Tropics
and progressively increases
towards the Equator and Poles
(d) Difference is maximum at the
Tropics and progressively
decreases towards the Equator
and Poles
66.
Which of the following is/are the
stage(s) of demographic
transition?
1. High death rate and birthrate,
low growth rate.
2. Rapid decline in death rate,
continued low birthrate, very
low growth rate.
3. Rapid decline in birthrate,
continued decline in death
rate.
4. Low death rate and birthrate,
low growth rate.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 4
2014 (II)
67.
Plate tectonics is a scientific
theory that describes the large
scale motions of Earth’s
lithosphere. Which one among
the following statements
regarding plate tectonics is not
correct?
(a) T ectonic plates are composed of
Oceanic lithosphere and thicker
Continental lithosphere.
(b) T ectonic plates are able to move
because the Earth’s lithosphere
has a higher strength than the
underlying asthenosphere.
(c) The Earth’s lithosphere is broken
up into tectonic plates.
(d) Along divergent plate boundaries,
subduction carries plates into the
mantle.
68.
MONEX is associated with
(a) Montreal experiment
(b) monetary experiment
(c) lunar experiment
(d) monsoon experiment
69.
Consider the diagram given below
The diagram represents the
pressure conditions of three
different places, viz,. A, B and C.
Which of the following is the
correct direction of movement of
winds?
(a) Blow from B towards A and C.
(b) Blow from C towards A and B.
(c) Blow from B to A and from A to C.
(d) Blow from B to C and C to B.
70.
Match the following
List I
(Phenomenons)
List II
(Dates)
A. Summer Solstice 1. 21st June
B. Winter Solstice 2. 22nd December
C. Vernal Equinox 3. 23rd September
D. Autumnal Equinox 4. 21st March
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 4 2 3 (b) 1 2 4 3
(c) 3 2 4 1 (d) 3 4 2 1
71.
Arrange the following features
formed by rivers in its course
starting from upstream.
1. Meanders 2. Falls
3. Delta 4. Oxbow Lake
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 2, 1, 3, 4 (b) 2, 1, 4, 3
(c) 1, 2, 3, 4 (d) 1, 4, 2, 3
72.
Collision-Coalescence process of
precipitation is applicable to
(a) clouds which extend beyond freezing
level
(b) those clouds which do not extend
beyond the freezing level
(c) all types of clouds
(d) cumulonimbus cloud
73. Baiji oil refinery is located at
(a) Iran (b) Iraq
(c) South Sudan (d) Russia
Directions (Q. Nos. 74-75) The
following items consist of two
statements, Statement I and Statement
II. You are to examine these two
statements carefully and select the
answers to these items using the codes
given below.
Codes
(a) Both the statements are individually true
and Statement II is the correct
explanation of Statement I
(b) Both the statements are individually true,
but Statement II is not the correct
explanation of Statement I
(c) Statement I is true, but Statement II is
false
(d) Statement I is false, but Statement II is
true
74.
Statement I A tsunami is a series
of water waves caused by
displacement of a large volume of
water of an ocean.
Statement II A tsunami can be
generated when thrust faults
associated with convergent or
destructive plate boundaries move
abruptly.
A B
1012 mb 1020 mb
C
998 mb