
--- PDF PAGE 749 ---
544 CDS Pathfinder
Comprehension involves a thorough understanding of the giv en passage consisting of one or more paragraphs. It forms a
very good exercise for intelligent reading and judicious se lection. It is meant to test the intelligence of candidates a nd their
ability to comprehend a given piece of text.
Tips for Attempting Comprehension
1. Skim once as rapidly as possible to determine the main idea before you look at the questions. Do not worry about
words you do not know at this juncture.
2. Underline the Words that you do not understand to facilitate a complete understa nding of the passage. This will
help you to locate the words later.
3. Look Through the Questions Carefully You are advised to maintain the order in which the questions a ppear in
the test paper. Read intensively the portion relevant to the answer.
4. Concentrate on the vocabulary items and re-read the portions of the passa ge containing the words you do not
understand to find out their meanings.
Usually, options are quite tricky or some options are closel y related. Therefore, analyse the questions and answer
options carefully before answering.
Answer strictly on the basis of the passage and avoid selecti ng general answers.
Around 15 to 20 questions based on comprehension are asked in CDS exam. The questions are based on
the given passages. For tips on how to attempt these questions, read the section below.
COMPREHENSION
09
--- PDF PAGE 750 ---
545GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
Directions (Q.Nos. 1-104) Read the following passages carefully and answer the questi ons that follow.
PASSAGE 1
As society becomes more and more affluent, people
would prefer to work shorter hours at their regular
employment so that they may enjoy longer hours of
leisure during which they can indulge in more
congenial activities. They will not like to waste
their leisure time performing routine domestic
chores, which tend to sap their energy. The idea of
a robot slave which would be capable of performing
many of these monotonous chores is one that will
appeal to many. Already robots are used in mines
and factories to perform tasks which are too risky
for human beings. It takes a lot of research by
dedicated scientists and sufficient financial backing
for a model to be developed to perform a new task.
This in turn depends on the number of people who
feel the need for a robot to perform these specific
tasks.
The problem of designing a robot capable of
performing various routine tasks around the house
is not insurmountable. A domestic robot slave with
its own computer and response mechanism and
source of power, which can be programmed to
perform certain specific tasks, is not an
impossibility.
1. In an affluent society, people prefer to work
shorter hours because
(a) they are lazy
(b) they do not have the strength to work
(c) they want time to carry out other activities
(d) they abhor their work
2.
Domestic chores
(a) are welcome by housewives
(b) are too demanding
(c) lead to family discord
(d) are too time consuming
3.
Robots are already used in mines and factories to
perform
(a) hazardous tasks
(b) tasks with greater efficiency than human beings
(c) tasks which lead to economy in the operations
(d) tasks which are forbidden by the labour laws
4.
Developing a robot capable of performing a new
task
(a) is difficult for the scientists
(b) is impossible for the scientists
(c) requires huge capital
(d) depends on the number of people who require it
PASSAGE 2
The energy crisis has been with us for a long time and
will be with us even longer. Whether Arab oil flows freely
or not, it is clear that the world industry cannot be
allowed to depend on so fragile a base. The supply of oil
can be shut off at whim any time. In any case, the oil
wells will run dry in about 30 years. New sources of
energy must be found and this will take time. But it is
not likely to restore that sense of copious energy
availability we had in the past.
5. In the writer’s opinion, the energy crisis
(a) is an outcome of unregulated supply of oil to industries
(b) will subside as soon as the Arab oil begins to flow
again
(c) is very likely to lead to the world war
(d) will remain with us for an almost indefinite period of
time
6. The phrase ‘so fragile a base’ refers to the
(a) current energy crisis in the world
(b) uncertainty about the flow of Arab oil
(c) delay in finding the new energy sources
(d) drying up of the oil wells in future
7.
The type of writing in the given passage could be called
(a) official (b) scientific (c) popular (d) political
PASSAGE 3
All who have gone before you have submitted to the stroke
of death. All who come after you shall undergo the same
fate. The great and the good, the prince and the peasant,
the renowned and the obscure travel alike the road which
leads to the grave.
At the moment when you expire, thousands throughout
the world shall with you, be yielding up their breath. Can
that be held to be a great calamity which is common to
you with everything that lives on the Earth, which is an
event as much according to the course of the nature, as it
is that leaves shall fall in autumn or that fruit should
drop from the tree when it is fully ripe.
8. Death is a natural phenomenon because
(a) the moment you die, thousands of people all over the
world die with you
(b) it is as natural as the fall of leaves or fruits from the
trees
(c) many people have died in the past
(d) the great and the good, the prince and the peasant, the
renowned and the obscure, all die
CHECK YOUR COMPREHENSION SKILL
--- PDF PAGE 751 ---
546 CDS Pathfinder
9. The author compares death with the fall of the ripe
fruit from a tree to show that death
(a) occurs in nature also
(b) is a kind of fall from a great height
(c) gives freedom from the ordeals of life
(d) occurs with the achievement of fullness
10.
Which one of the following sentences shows that
death is a great leveller?
(a) All who come after you shall undergo the same
fate
(b) The great and the good, the prince and the
peasant, the renowned and the obscure travel alike
the road which leads to the grave
(c) At the moment when you expire, thousands
throughout the world shall with you, be yielding up
their breath
(d) All who have gone before you have submitted to
the stroke of death
PASSAGE 4
I was late bloomer and always envied those people
who stood out in high school because I didn’t. I
learned early on though that it’s essential to set
yourself apart from the group. Life is one struggle
after another to succeed, particularly when you’re
starting out. If your biodata is sitting at the bottom of
a pile of junk mail, sometimes a distinctive approach
will get you noticed, especially if the competition is
fierce.
Once my partner Jerry and I asked the other
freelance writers of a TV serial what characters they
hated to write for the most. Everybody said the same
thing–they disliked writing for the minor characters
because they thought that writing for them wouldn’t
help them get other jobs. Jerry and I decided that we
would write scripts for the minor character because
that’s what was needed and we needed to set
ourselves apart.
In the first script, Jerry and I wrote a school-girl falls
in love with a boy in her class. The producers loved
the story. And with that one script, Jerry and I were
no longer just another comedy-writing team.
11. The author is of the opinion that
(a) one should be part of the group
(b) one should be different from others
(c) it is important to do well in high school
(d) one should heed to the advice of the seniors
12.
Jerry and the author wrote scripts for the minor
characters
(a) to realise their creative potential
(b) to earn more money
(c) to establish a different image
(d) because they did not have enough work
13.
According to the author,
(a) one should be very meticulous in preparing his biodata
(b) competition in the job-market is very fierce
(c) one should follow a conservative approach in
preparing his biodata
(d) one should try to get noticed by being innovative
14. The author had been
(a) into advertising business
(b) a comedy writer
(c) a music director
(d) a news reader
PASSAGE 5
Wind-power has obvious advantage as it is
non-polluting, causes no ecological imbalance, requires
no throughput fuel and has extremely low gestation
period. After almost a decade of sporadic growth, wind
energy finally seems to be stepping out from shadows of
alternative technology into the commercial mainstream,
worldwide.
Even though, India now has an installed base of just
over 1600 MW, this is nothing compared to countries
such as Germany which meets around 20% of its energy
requirements from wind energy. Wind-power offers
long-term price stability too. Not only are generation
costs of such projects low, the capital expenditure is
comparable to fossil fuel based stations. Wind-power
plants have low operating and maintenance costs.
Long-term economics work out to be quite favourable for
the wind energy. Infact, it is being seen as a solution to
sustainable development. By the end of 2001, the
installed wind-power was almost 25000 MW.
15. Which one of the following statements is correct?
(a) Wind-power plants take a long time to get
commissioned
(b) Maintenance cost of wind-power plants is high
(c) Wind-power plants lead to violent vibrations
(d) Wind-power plants require no fuel
16. Which one of the following statements is correct?
(a) Installation of wind-power is resisted by
environmentalists
(b) Generation cost of wind-power plants is high
(c) Installation cost of wind-power plants is much higher
than of fossil fuel based plants
(d) Wind-power is now being commercially harnessed
17. Which one of the following statements is correct?
(a) In Germany, 25000 MW of electricity is generated by
using wind-power
(b) Wind-power plants offer no price stability
(c) Wind-power is economically viable on long-term basis
(d) In America, 20% of the power requirements are met
through wind-power
--- PDF PAGE 752 ---
PASSAGE 6
Personally, I have been very fortunate and almost
inevitably, I have received courtesy from my own
countrymen as well as from the English. Even my goalers
and the policemen, from place to place have been kind to
me and much of the bitterness of conflict and the sting of
goal-life has been toned down because of this human
touch. It was not surprising that my own countrymen
should treat me so for I had gained a measure of
notoriety and popularity among them. Even for
Englishmen, I was an individual and not merely one of
the mass and I imagine the fact that I had received my
education in England, brought me nearer to them.
18. The phrase ‘almost inevitably’ in this passage means
(a) without precedence (b) unexpectedly
(c) invariably (d) considerably
19.
The writer is of the opinion that the bitterness of
conflict has been toned down because of
(a) the adversary’s courteous behaviour
(b) the adversary’s diplomatic behaviour
(c) his good behaviour
(d) the writer being close to the Englishmen
20.
The writer’s own countrymen treated him with love
and regard because of
(a) a human touch in their nature
(b) his good political work
(c) his courage and generosity
(d) his widespread popularity among the masses
PASSAGE 7
English is generally acknowledged to be the world’s most
important language. It is perhaps worth trying to
understand briefly the basis for that evaluation. There
are after all thousands of languages in the world and
each seems to be uniquely important to those who speak
it as their native language, the language they acquired at
their mother’s knee. But there are some objective
standards to judge their relative importance.
One criterion is the number of speakers of the
language. A second is the extent to which a language
is geographically dispersed : in how many continents
and countries is it used or its knowledge necessary? A
third is its functional load : how extensive is the range
of purposes for which it is used? In particular, to what
extent is it the medium for highly valued cultural
manifestations such as science or literature? A fourth
is the economic and political influence of the native
speakers of the language.
21. The author wants to evaluate the importance of the
English language because it is
(a) the language of the Britishers
(b) studied as second language in India
(c) the most important language of the world
(d) used in many countries
22.
The speakers of every language
(a) consider their language as the most important
(b) do not like other languages
(c) treat all the languages alike
(d) want to learn English
23.
The writer’s evaluation of the importance of the
English language is based on
(a) general notions
(b) linguistic assumptions
(c) subjective feelings
(d) objective criteria
PASSAGE 8
The spectre of unemployment is looming large on
almost every graduate with a general purpose degree.
This education has very little relevance to life and
therefore, the young generation is getting frustrated. If
we look deeper into the problems of extremism and
terrorism, perhaps unemployment and frustration of
young people is one of the main reasons for this
malaise. The most dangerous trend is the growing
violence in the human heart. The first task of every
university is to ensure that violence to each other does
not become the new human culture. The sociologists
have a lot to contribute by analysing the thought
processes of the young persons and evolving the
remedial measures.
24. The young generation is getting frustrated because
(a) they have taken general purpose degrees
(b) they remain unemployed
(c) they are drawn to terrorism
(d) there is violence around them
25.
Enormous responsibility to comprehend the
problems of young generation lies with
(a) the press and TV media
(b) our political leaders
(c) the sociologists
(d) education administrators
26.
The increase in violence in our society is
(a) a sign of revolutionary zeal
(b) the result of modern system of education
(c) the urge to surpass others in life
(d) the result of frustration in life
PASSAGE 9
There is a natural tendency in every animate being to
resent restrictions. If you block the growth of a plant,
it will try to pierce through the blockade. If you
enclose a worm or fish in a glass jar, you will find it
restlessly moving hither and thither to find a way out.
Similarly, if you confine a bird or an animal in a cage
or a room, you will find it gets constantly trying to
break through the cage or the room in a fit of escape.
547GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
--- PDF PAGE 753 ---
Only when it gets tired or identifies itself with the
environment of the prison, will it get silent. Thus, the
urge to be free is inborn in all animate beings. It gets
suppressed only on its identification with the situation.
The urge to be free is also reason present in inanimate
objects but it is latent and ultimately gets fulfilled. It
is for the very reason that matter constantly changes
its shape. The charge is in a way a fulfilment of that
urge.
27. The natural tendency among the living beings is to
(a) submit to the circumstances
(b) strive for freedom
(c) place restrictions in the way of others
(d) create blockades
28.
A worm in a glass jar first tries to
(a) adjust itself
(b) break the jar
(c) move out of it
(d) ignore the change
29.
An animal will sit quietly in a cage after it has
(a) eaten well
(b) struggled enough
(c) identified itself with the changed circumstances
(d) given up hope of freedom
30.
Matter constantly changes its shape because it
(a) is inanimate
(b) also has an urge to be free
(c) is moulded into different shapes by men
(d) has not soul
PASSAGE 10
At what age should school begin? The answer must
depend upon home, its topography rather than upon its
oral or psychological character. A child who lives on a
farm in the countryside can happily and profitably
spend his time wandering about, watching animals,
reaping, threshing, etc until the time comes when it is
necessary to begin formal instruction. But for the
urban child whose parents live in a cramped
apartment, it is quite otherwise. For him, school is
desirable as an escape into freedom—freedom of
movement, freedom of noise and freedom of
companionship.
31. Topography means the science of
(a) drawing maps
(b) description of features of a place
(c) shooting photographs
(d) description of topics
32.
Formal instruction here implies
(a) school discipline
(b) rigid code
(c) regular education at school
(d) disciplined conduct at school
33.
Here the author believes that
(a) a child in a countryside need not have formal
instruction
(b) an urban child likes freedom of all kinds
(c) a countryside child is benefitted by free environment
all over
(d) an urban child must begin formal instruction late
34. The author thinks that the problem as to when the
children should go to school depends rather on the
(a) psychological character of home
(b) moral character of home
(c) topographical character of home
(d) spiritual character of home
PASSAGE 11
If you want your mate to stop guessing about your
feelings and motives, you have to be prepared to reveal
yourself. And in order to reveal yourself, you have to
know yourself profoundly. You can’t talk openly and
honestly with your mate until you have tried being
honest with yourself first. Take time off to be alone.
Use that time not simply to engage in passive
meditation, but to carry on an active inner dialogue
with yourself. Between the person you think you are
and the inner you that operates at gut level.
Communicating with yourself involves revelation,
self-analysis and re-evaluation. Change is impossible
otherwise. No architect in any field will attempt to
make new plans without assessing the present
situation. So too, each of us can and must make an
assessment of our own assets or liabilities.
35. Your mate shall stop guessing about your feelings
when
(a) you are honest (b) you know yourself
(c) he reveals himself to you (d) you talk openly
36.
You can talk openly and honestly to your mate only
when you
(a) reveal your emotions and feelings
(b) are honest with him
(c) do not engage yourself in passive meditation
(d) are honest with yourself
37.
You should take time off to be alone so that
(a) you talk to yourself
(b) you engage yourself in passive meditation
(c) your motives and feelings are clear
(d) you do not change yourself
38.
No architect plans without assessing the present
situation because
(a) each of us can and must make an assessment
(b) self-analysis and re-evaluation are necessary factors
for him
(c) change is impossible otherwise
(d) no assessment of our own assets or liabilities is
possible
548 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 754 ---
549GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
PASSAGE 12
There is a widely held but mistaken belief that
meetings are for solving the problems and making
the decisions. For a start, the number of people
attending a meeting tends to be inversely
proportional to their collective ability to reach
conclusions and make decisions. And these are the
least important elements. Instead hours are spent
in side issues, playing elaborate games with one
another.
39. According to the author, meetings
(a) are a waste of time
(b) help to solve problems
(c) are a form of playing elaborate games
(d) allow decisions to be made
40.
The words that show that many people believe
meetings are important are
(a) widely held (b) collective ability
(c) number of people (d) solving problems
41.
The author believes in the sanctity of holding
meetings for
(a) practical value
(b) transactional features
(c) collective opinion
(d) decision-making
PASSAGE 13
My duties in the zoo included feeding the lions.
The popular belief is that lions have sweetness of
character, sagacity and courage. But my
experience with them shattered this so called
myth. Albert, the male, often used to surprise me
by suddenly jumping out against the bars with a
hair-raising cough of wrath. When I leapt in the
air like a startled stag, I am sure he enjoyed his
little joke. Albert had a prodigious appetite and
after hastily snatching the biggest joint of meat,
he would pinch the meat belonging to the lioness
and the cubs.
42. The traditional image of a lion according to the
passage is that
(a) he is intelligent, kind and handsome
(b) he is foolish, short-tempered and dangerous
(c) he is wise, gentle and brave
(d) he is noisy, hungry and wrathful
43.
The sentence, “I leapt in the air like a startled
stag” indicates that the writer was
(a) extremely frightened (b) very surprised
(c) quite shocked (d) absolutely delighted
44.
The lion in this passage is described as if
(a) he was an unusually cruel beast
(b) he had a personality like a human
(c) he was a beast with a sense of wrath
(d) he had a mind like a monster
PASSAGE 14
Attracted by the serenity of the evening, a friend and I
lately went to one of the public walks just near by the city.
Here, we sauntered together for sometime. Then my friend,
stopping suddenly, caught me by the elbow and led me out
of the public walk. I could perceive by the quickness of his
pace and by his frequently looking behind, that he was
attempting to avoid somebody who followed. We now turned
to the right, then to the left, but completely in vain. The
person whom he attempted to escape, gained upon us each
moment. So, that at last we finally stood still, resolving to
face what we could not avoid.
45. The author’s friend took him away from the public walk,
as
(a) the public place was dirty, crowded and noisy
(b) it was impossible to meet their friend
(c) he wanted to avoid a person following them
(d) the public was looking strangely at them
46.
The author concludes from his friend’s quick pace and
his frequent looking back
(a) that he was running out of time
(b) that he was worried about reaching home early
(c) that he wanted to escape from a person following him
(d) that he was troubled inwardly
47.
His friend caught the author by the elbow
(a) to check the author from falling down
(b) as the author was not in a position to walk on his own
(c) as he was panicked at the sudden appearance of a
person he didn’t like
(d) as he had stepped on a slippery thing
PASSAGE 15
American Indians believed that there were spirits
everywhere in the nature that made grass and the plants
to grow and the wind to blow. Every bird and animal had a
spirit. To obtain some of this mystery power from nature
and to secure the life-long protection of an individual spir it,
every boy and every girl in some tribes spent a night or a
few days and nights, alone in a solitary place believed to be
especially strong in supernatural power. Usually, the
longest vigil was four nights in the plains and five in the
plateau, for these were mystic numbers. Fasting and
thirsting, the child waited for a voice to speak to him.
48. The ceremony of the solitary retreat was observed by
(a) every boy and every girl in all the tribes
(b) every boy and every girl in some tribes
(c) only every girl in some of the tribes
(d) every girl in all the tribes and every boy in some of the
tribes
49. The purpose of the retreat was to
(a) keep a vigil
(b) hear a voice
(c) observe a fast
(d) secure the aid of a spirit for oneself
--- PDF PAGE 755 ---
550 CDS Pathfinder
50. The way to perform the vigil was
(a) to chant mystic numbers
(b) to go to the plains or the plateaus
(c) to fast and wait alone
(d) to make it last as long as possible
PASSAGE 16
An 11 year boy walking behind his parents and a
pet dog off England’s highest cliffs, which rise to
230 m at their peak, blown off in a gale to a
height of at least 170 m. The gale drowned out the
boy’s screams while his parents walked on ahead.
They realised what had happened only when the
dog barked furiously at a helicopter flying in the
sky. The pilot of the helicopter displayed
exemplary presence of mind and picked up the boy
from the cliff to the great relief of his parents who
found him alive and kicking.
51. The parents did not hear the boy scream
because
(a) they were far away
(b) of the sound of the gale
(c) of the drone of the helicopter
(d) of the barking of the dog
52.
The gale struck the boy while he was
(a) jumping off the cliff
(b) playing with the dog
(c) looking at the helicopter
(d) walking behind his parents
53.
The parents discovered the mishap only when
they
(a) saw the helicopter rescuing the boy
(b) heard the dog barking furiously
(c) realised the fury of the gale
(d) noticed the destruction of plants and trees
PASSAGE 17
The dabbawallahas are partly a by-product of
Mumbai’s overcrowding. There was a time when
many men could get home to take their lunch, but
those more comfortable days ended as the city
grew. But the conservatism of married men being
well known, they still wanted home-made lunch.
An Indian loves his lunch as much as anybody
and feels that only his wife can guarantee the
quality, quantity he requires, that restaurant food
is expensive, of poorer quality and is served in
meagre portions.
54. According to the author, the dabbawallahas
(a) are responsible for the overcrowding of Mumbai
(b) often create a lot of problems for the city
(c) have come mostly from rural areas
(d) came into existence as a consequence of
Mumbai’s overcrowding
55. The past was more comfortable for the people of Mumbai
because
(a) many of them were rich and could afford good food
(b) they could bring home-made food for lunch
(c) many of them could go home to lunch
(d) they could eat their lunch outside
56. Which of the following best describes the author’s
attitude to the dabbawallahas?
(a) objective (b) enthusiastic
(c) appreciative (d) critical
PASSAGE 18
Birds which spend the summer in the higher reaches of
mountains come down during the winter to the lower
foothills or even the plains. This is very common in India
where the mighty Himalayas lie close to the Indo-Gangetic
plain. Birds are punctual too unless they are delayed by
bad weather. We may calculate almost to a day when we
may expect our bird friends to return, carrying winter on
their backs. Some birds make the long journey in easy
stages, stopping to rest on the way. Others fly great
distances without pausing to rest and feed. Some fly by
day, some both by day and by night, but most of them
speed on their way through darkness after the Sun has set.
57. During the winter, common birds in India
(a) move higher towards the mountain
(b) come down to the foothills
(c) travel in the night
(d) remain where they had been staying
58.
Birds sometime get delayed in their migration because
(a) they have to take rest and feed
(b) they lack the sense of time
(c) of bad weather
(d) they lose the sense of direction
59.
Mostly the birds make their long journey
(a) during the day time (b) at sunrise
(c) at midnight (d) in the darkness
PASSAGE 19
The real reason why I should not like to be in the book
trade for life is that while I was in it I lost my love of
books. A bookseller has to tell lies about books and that
gives him a distaste for them; still worse is the fact that he
lies constantly dusting them and hauling them to and fro.
There was a time when I really loved books–loved the sight
and smell and feel of them, I mean, at least if they were
fifty or more years old. Nothing pleased me quite so much
as to buy a whole lot of them for a few rupees at an
auction.
60. The author lost his love of books
(a) by not reading books for a long time
(b) by being in the book trade for a long time
(c) as he could not get good books to read
(d) as he was prevented from owning and reading books
--- PDF PAGE 756 ---
551GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
61. What is the most likely reason for a bookseller developing a
distaste for books?
(a) T o sell books, he has to tell lies
(b) He has to constantly handle all kinds of bad books
(c) He has to be with books without reading them
(d) He has to satisfy the whims of the customers
62.
From the above passage it is clear that the author
(a) liked to read books while working in the bookshop
(b) liked the outward appearance of books, their sight and sm ell,
more than their contents
(c) liked to buy a lot of books at auctions
(d) never liked books as he had lost love for them
PASSAGE 20
I am convinced that school learning is unnatural and bad for
human beings. In school, we sat on the floor and chorused our
lessons. The teachers were terrible. They would write
something on the board, ask us to take it down and go out to
gossip or to smoke beedies. I was very naughty. I got
punished and thrashed very often. But it did not stop me from
mischief. My family insisted that I should attend school, bu t
did not scold me when I failed. I barely managed to pass each
year. It was the same story when I joined college. I scraped
through my BA examination. What a relief it was to know that
I need never go into a classroom again!
63. From the passage which one of the following statements
appears to be true?
(a) The teacher used to punish the author everyday
(b) The punishment given by the teachers helped to improve th e
behaviour of the author
(c) The punishment did not stop the boy’s mischief
(d) The punishment was so mild that the author enjoyed it
64. ‘I scraped through my BA examination’ means that the
author passed the BA examination
(a) with great difficulty
(b) easily and with credits
(c) using unfair means
(d) only after several attempts
65.
Which one of the following statements truly indicates the
author’s opinion about the education system?
(a) The author is appreciative of it
(b) He is highly critical and sarcastic about it
(c) He thinks that it is good but the teachers are bad
(d) He thinks that it is imperfect but can be improved
PASSAGE 21
As probably the least strenuous, safest physical activity,
walking is the most acceptable exercise for the greatest
number of people. Walking at comfortable speed improves the
efficiency of the cardio-respiratory system by stimulatin g the
lungs and the heart, but at a more gradual rate than most
other forms of exercise. There is evidence that walking may
actually open up narrowed areas in the coronary blood vessel s,
lessening chances of a heart attack.
For the tense person who smokes a ‘killer’
combination-walking offers added help by
decreasing the abnormally high levels of carbon
monoxide and nicotine in the blood. Walking
may also increase the elasticity of the blood
vessels, decreasing the likelihood that they will
rupture under pressure due to a stroke.
66. Walking is recommended because it
(a) helps to reduce fat
(b) is inexpensive
(c) is not very strenuous
(d) is the only way to digest food
67.
The chances of a heart attack are
(a) decreased by walking
(b) completely wiped out by walking
(c) temporarily postponed by walking
(d) unrelated to walking
68.
Strokes occur because of
(a) the elasticity of blood vessels
(b) changes in blood pressure
(c) widening of arteries
(d) bursting of blood vessels
PASSAGE 22
There are many ways of sending secret
messages. An interesting method was used by a
Chinese General called Pingyo, approx. 2000
years ago. Pingyo’s army was far from their
homeland. Between the soldiers and home
there were many enemies. But Pingyo sent
letters to his king and the enemy could not
read them. He sent them like this : A strong
messenger was chosen from among the soldiers.
His hair was cut off and a letter was written
on his bald head. Then he was dressed as a
poor farmer and sent home. His journey lasted
many weeks. During this time, his hair grew
and covered the message. The enemy stopped
him many times. He was searched, but the
letter was not found. When he reached the
king’s palace his hair was cut off again and the
letter was read to the king.
69. The messenger was dressed as a poor farmer
as
(a) he could walk fast
(b) farmers are less talkative
(c) the General favoured farmers
(d) a farmer would arouse less suspicion
70.
The messenger’s hair was cut off because
(a) a message could be written only on a bald
head
(b) it would make the long journey comfortable
(c) the new hair would cover the message
(d) the bald head would make him look like a
monk
--- PDF PAGE 757 ---
552 CDS Pathfinder
71. This method of sending the message was convenient as
(a) the enemy could be cheated easily
(b) it was more economical
(c) the message was sent in person
(d) the message was not known to the messenger
PASSAGE 23
While the lion and the tiger are the focus of special
conservation efforts due to their vastly reduced numbers,
it is the leopard, among the big cats, that may now face
the greater threat from poachers and illegal wildlife
traders. The danger was brought home last year when
sales inspectors stopped and searched a truck in Uttar
Pradesh. They stumbled upon packages of leopard skins
numbered and signed Tsering, the trade name of a major
dealer, who, officers suspected, was planning to smuggle
them out of India via Nepal and Tibet. There were also
claws and other body parts. The leopard is threatened by
exactly the same predators as the tiger by traditional
medicine practitioners in China, Japan and other East
Asian countries. Leopard parts can easily be mistaken for
a tiger’s and are greatly valued by apothecaries.
72. There is fresh reason to pay attention to the reduced
number of
(a) cats (b) tigers
(c) leopards (d) lions
73.
The body parts of which animals have medicinal value
in traditional Chinese medicine?
(a) Tigers
(b) Leopards
(c) Lions
(d) All members of the cat family
74.
According to the passage, the dangerous groups that
prey on are
(a) sales-inspectors and T serings
(b) smugglers and truckers
(c) illegal hunters and traditional apothecaries
(d) the police and the customs officials
PASSAGE 24
Pioneering Indian-American actor Sabu, who produced
the 1940 classic The Thief of Baghdad, but could not
make its sequel before his death in 1962, has had his
dream come true 60 years later. All thanks to his
daughter. Two years ago, Sabu’s daughter Jasmine
published Moon Shadow : The Adventures of the Thief of
Baghdad, a tale for adolescent readers in which she
resurrected Abu, The Thief of Baghdad, the character her
father immortalised, who this time rescues the princess
and the kingdom of Basrah from the machinations of
Khaled, a neighbouring king.
75. After producing the thief of Baghdad, Sabu wanted
to
(a) ensure the success of his daughter as an actress
(b) produce a play on the life of Khaled
(c) produce a sequel to The Thief of Baghdad
(d) retire from his job as a producer
76.
In his new incarnation, Abu emerges as
(a) ruthless villain
(b) a benevolent hero
(c) an ardent lover
(d) an ideal king
77.
Sabu’s dream has ‘come true’ means
(a) his daughter has acted in a film
(b) his daughter has written a book
(c) Sabu has written a book
(d) his daughter has continued the story of Abu
PASSAGE 25
Why don’t I have a telephone? Not because I pretend
to be wise or pose an unusual. There are two chief
reasons : because I don’t really like the telephone
and because I find I can still work and play, eat,
breathe and sleep without it. Why don’t I like the
telephone? Because I think it is a pest and a
time-waster. It may create unnecessary suspense and
anxiety, as when you wait for an expected call that
doesn’t come or irritating delay as when you keep
ringing a number that is always engaged. As for
speaking in a public telephone booth, that seems to
me really horrible. You would not use it unless you
were in a hurry, you will find other people waiting
before you.
78. The author compares the telephone with a pest
because it is
(a) helpful to us
(b) harmful to us
(c) troublesome and destroys our spirit
(d) small and delicate
79.
According to the passage, waiting for an expected
call that does not come, makes you feel
(a) unnecessarily apprehensive
(b) the boredom of waiting
(c) important and proud
(d) nervous and worried
80.
Speaking in a public telephone booth is horrible
because
(a) you have to pay for it
(b) you have to talk in the presence of others
(c) you have to wait for your turn as you are in a hurry
(d) it is often out of order
--- PDF PAGE 758 ---
PASSAGE 26
There are many types of protein molecules in the body
and each type is specific to its function, e.g. proteins
such as keratin and collagen give strength and
elasticity to hair, as well as to skin and tendons;
haemoglobin and myoglobin are the oxygen-binding
proteins of the blood and the muscle, respectively and
ovalbumin, the crucial protein of egg white is
responsible for setting and foaming properties of eggs.
A particularly important group of proteins known as
enzymes, directs all the body cells chemical reactions.
These reactions provide the basis of every type of cell
activity, including growth, repair the production of
energy and the excretion of waste productions.
81. From the passage, it is clear that there are several
types of proteins which
(a) can create problems in our body
(b) carry out specific tasks
(c) are found in all organisms
(d) have interchangeable functions
82.
Proteins are classified according to
(a) the number of molecules
(b) their names
(c) their functions
(d) the part of the body they are found in
83.
The function of the enzymes is to
(a) direct chemical reactions in body cells
(b) bind oxygen in the blood
(c) give strength and elasticity to hair
(d) set and form properties of an egg
PASSAGE 27
My father and mother were the complements of each
other. My mother was fragile, my father robust. Her
face was responsive, my father’s impassive. My
mother’s face ripples to emotions as waters to the
wind. My mother was not intellectual. Her natural
propensity was intuitive. Her face illustrated the
saying : Appearances are deceptive, for did not show
the immense strength of her moral convictions. No one
could have inferred from it that she was capable of
such fanaticism as she showed over them.
84. By saying that his mother was the complement of
his father the author suggests that she was
(a) like his father (b) opposed to his father
(c) different from his father (d) indifferent to his father
85.
The words her face was responsive mean that
(a) her face clearly showed her feelings
(b) her face was very attractive
(c) her face was passive
(d) one had to look at her face when she spoke
86.
The author’s mother held strong views based on
(a) religious scriptures (b) legal provisions
(c) social customs (d) ethical judgements
PASSAGE 28
While it is true that there is no law that compels us to
say please or kindly, there is a social practice much
older and much more sacred than any law which
enjoins us to be civil. And the first requirement of
civility is that we should acknowledge a service. Please
or Kindly and Thank you are the small change with
which we pay our way as social being. They are the
little courtesies by which we keep the machine of life
oiled and running sweetly. They put our intercourse
upon the basis of a friendly cooperation and easy give
and take instead of on the basis of superiors dictating
inferiors. It is a very vulgar mind that would wish
command where he can have the service for the asking,
as have it with willingness and good feeling instead of
resentment.
87. According to the author,
(a) we should not say Please as it is against the law
(b) we may or may not say Please according to our mood
(c) to say Please is an outdated custom
(d) we must say Please as it is a civilised custom
88. The writer thinks that
(a) courtesies make life oily and sticky
(b) the lesser the courtesies, the more the frankness in
our life
(c) courtesies make life pleasant
(d) courtesies make life mechanical
89. The writer is of the opinion that
(a) only subordinates should use Please and Thank you
when talking to superiors
(b) friends should use Please and Thank you only
among themselves
(c) Please and Thank you should be used by everybody
(d) Please should be used by inferiors and Thank you
by superiors
PASSAGE 29
It seems to me that we cannot learn too early in life to
respect the privacy of the individual. When my daughter
began to write her memoirs, at the age of four, I decided
that she must have a place to keep them, if only a
section of a bureau drawer or as it happened, a box with
a key. I remembered the agonies of my own childhood
when my sister discovered I was writing poems and
began to tease me by chanting them in public. I tried
desperately to hide the written notebook of poems. No
place in the house seemed secure at all. For a while I
carried it around in the right leg of my trousers until the
elastic broke and the book fell out at the feet of enemy.
90. The author arranged a safe place to keep the
memoirs written by her daughter because he
(a) thought that the memoirs would be lost otherwise
(b) recognised the need for respecting the privacy of her
daughter
(c) decided that the memoirs should not be read by
strangers
(d) knew that the memoirs could fetch a lot of money
553GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
--- PDF PAGE 759 ---
91. The author’s sister caused great agony to him by
(a) openly reciting the poems written by the author
(b) discovering that the author was in the habit of
writing poems
(c) teasing her for the mistakes found in the poems
(d) warning the author against writing any more poems
92. No place in the house seemed secure enough to keep
the notebook of poems; so the author
(a) kept it in a bureau drawer
(b) kept it in a box with a key
(c) carried it inside the trousers
(d) threw it at the feet of the enemy
PASSAGE 30
Humming birds are small, colourful birds with
iridescent feathers. Their name comes from the fact
that they flap their wings so fast (about 80 times per
second) that they make a humming noise. Humming
birds can fly right, left, up, down, backwards, and even
upside down. They are also able to hover by flapping
their wings in a figure-8 pattern. They have a
specialized long and tapered bill that is used to obtain
nectar from the center of long, tubular flowers. The
humming bird’s feet are used for perching only, and
are not used for hopping or walking.
Humming birds primarily eat flower nectar, tree sap,
insects and pollen. The humming bird’s fast breathing
rate, fast heartbeat and high body temperature require
that they eat often. They also require an enormous
amount of food each day. Humming birds have a long
tongue which they use to lick their food at a rate of up
to 13 licks per second.
93. Humming birds get their name due to
(a) their small size
(b) their long beak
(c) the humming noise made by them
(d) their eating habits
94.
The word ‘iridescent’ in the passage means
(a) dark (b) colourful (c) moist (d) glittering
95. ‘Bill’ in the passage refers to the humming bird’s
(a) beak (b) feathers
(c) eyes (d) feet
96.
Humming birds eat
(a) nectar (b) tree sap
(c) insects (d) All of these
PASSAGE 31
The practice of work done by under age child for
making his/her family capable to survive in this world
with basic needs is called “Child labour”. This is now
the biggest concern for whole world as children are the
future of nation and if a child’s future is healthy, safe
and secure then automatically nation’s future will be
bright and successful.
Child labour is very harmful for young ones. It hinders
their physical, moral and mental development. Though
many reasons are there for child slavery or child
trafficking but survey says that main cause of child
labour are high level poverty and lack of access to good
education. Development of the country is directly
affected by this crime and child labour is a big reason
of under-development of the country. A financially
developed country provides all circumstances to its
citizens that can help in making their new generations
educated and healthy.
97. Child labour is the biggest concern for
(a) India (b) Asia
(c) Europe (d) the whole world
98.
Child labour hinders a child’s
(a) mental development (b) physical development
(c) moral development (d) All of these
99.
The main cause of child labour is
(a) slavery (b) affluence
(c) poverty (d) parent’s punishment
PASSAGE 32
There are several things that put most normal people
off birding, or bird-watching. Primary amongst them is
the alleged requirement that you have to get up at 4
on a freezing winter morning, and traipse knee-deep in
squelchy mud to the nearest swamp, peering through
the fog with heavy binoculars around your neck. No,
they won’t penetrate it and you can safely go back to
bed. Most sensible birds will remain tucked in their
razais, heads buried in wings, fast asleep till at least
noon in such conditions.
Another turn-off is this business with scientific names.
Top-notch birders (sometimes trying to impress pretty
fledgling birds in their group) will tell you that what
you’ve seen is Corvus splendens and not a house crow.
You can remain as happy describing it as a big black
bird with a grey collar, beady eyes and a nasty beak,
which behaves like the fellows who ragged you in
school or first-year college.
100. In the passage, bird-watching is also referred as
(a) birdling (b) birding (c) birdathon (d) traipsing
101. A word from the passage that means “walk or move
wearily or reluctantly” is
(a) squelch (b) fledgling (c) ragged (d) traipse
102. Corvus splendens is also called as
(a) bird (b) fledgling bird
(c) house crow (d) rat
103.
Many people don’t like bird-watching as
(a) they hate birds
(b) they have to get up at 4 am
(c) they have to get up at 4 pm
(d) they like animals more than birds
104.
The word ‘beady eyes’ means
(a) sleepy eyes (b) watchful eyes
(c) squinted eyes (d) tired eyes
554 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 760 ---
555GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
2012 (I)
PASSAGE 1
Our voyage was very prosperous, but I shall not
trouble the reader with a journal of it. The captain
called in at one or two ports and sent in his
long-boat for provisions and fresh water, but I
never went out of the ship till we came into the
Downs, which was on the 3rd day of June, 1706,
about nine months after my escape. I offered to
leave my goods in security for payment of my
freight, but the captain protested he would not
receive one farthing.
We took kind leave of each other, and I made him
promise that he would come to see me at my house
in Redriff. I hired a house and a guide for five
shillings which I borrowed from the captain.
1. When the writer uses the word ‘prosperous’ to
describe the voyage, he means that
(a) it made him rich
(b) it made him healthy
(c) it was very pleasant
(d) it was uneventful
2.
On the voyage, the author
(a) left the ship at intervals
(b) was not able to leave the ship because it did not
stop
(c) never left the ship at all
(d) never left the ship till they came into the Downs
3.
In the context of the passage, the word
‘provisions’ means
(a) mainly food
(b) mainly security
(c) money
(d) mainly ammunition
4.
For the payment of the author’s freight, the
captain
(a) kept his goods as security
(b) refused to accept any money
(c) protested against being paid only a farthing
(d) accepted a sum of money
5.
From the passage, it is clear that the captain’s
attitude to the author was
(a) one of hostility
(b) one of indifference
(c) one of extreme friendliness and kindness
(d) one of disgust and irritation
PASSAGE 2
What were the early ideas of men about the sky and the
Earth? They naturally believed that the Earth was
motionless, and they also supposed that it was flat. These
two ideas do not surprise us. Children now-a-days think the
same until they are taught differently. How were men to
know that the Earth was a ball circling round the Sun?
They had no telescope for accurate observation. They had
nor travelled round the world. In fact many parts of the
world in those days were unexplored and unknown. They
lived on a kind of flat plate, and that the sky with the Sun
and the Moon and the stars, was a kind of inverted bowl
turning round above them. The Sun, the Moon and the stars
were their lamps for day and night.
6. Unless children are taught differently they think that
(a) the Earth is round and moving
(b) the Sun and the Moon are motionless
(c) the Sun and the Moon are moving
(d) the Sun and the Moon are moving round the Earth
7.
The early ideas of man were wrong because
(a) man did not use the telescope
(b) man did not like to travel
(c) man never had the scientific knowledge
(d) man was foolish and lazy
8.
What was true for the early man?
(a) The Earth was round and moving
(b) The telescope was accurate
(c) Travelling and exploring were the methods to gain
knowledge
(d) The Sun was motionless
9. What was the main cause of the early man’s wrong
ideas?
(a) Lack of scientific knowledge
(b) Seeing and believing
(c) Lack of desire to know
(d) Lack of desire to observe and explore
PASSAGE 3
The man sat-up in the snow for a moment and struggled
for calmness. Then, he pulled on his gloves by means of his
teeth and got upon his feet. He glanced down at first in
order to assure himself that he was really standing up, for
the absence of sensation in his feet left him unrelated to
the Earth. His erect position in itself started to drive the
webs of suspicion from the dog’s mind and when he spoke
peremptorily, with the sound of whip-lashes in his voice,
the dog rendered its customary allegiance and came to
him.
QUESTIONS FROM
CDS EXAM (2012-2016)
--- PDF PAGE 761 ---
556 CDS Pathfinder
As it came within reaching distance, the man lost his
control. His arms flashed out to the dog and he
experienced genuine surprise when he discovered that
his hands could not clutch, that there was neither bend
nor feeling in the fingers. He had forgotten for the
moment that they were frozen and that they were
freezing more and more. All this happened quickly and
before the animal could get away, he encircled its body
with his arms. He sat down in the snow and in this
fashion held the dog, while it snarled and whined and
struggled.
10. From the passage, which group of words expresses
the effect of snow upon the man’s feet?
(a) With the sound of whip-lashes in his voice
(b) His arms flashed out to the dog
(c) The absence of sensation in his feet left him
unrelated to the Earth
(d) The man sat up in the snow for a moment and
struggled for calmness
11. The statement that the man experienced genuine
surprise when he discovered that his hands could not
clutch means that
(a) the man did not see anything to clutch
(b) the man had nothing to clutch
(c) the man was afraid of the dog
(d) there was neither bend nor feeling in the fingers
12.
Which word or group of words shows the exact
condition of being ‘frozen’?
(a) Whip-lashes in his voice
(b) He pulled on his gloves
(c) His hands could not clutch
(d) Lost his control
PASSAGE 4
George was a young man who had gone to the big city
from a small rural community and, in a relatively short
time attained prominence in the business world. His
sudden rise had gone into his head, however, and he
became unbearably conceited.
Eventually, George returned home after a visit, halfway
expecting everyone in town to be at the railway station
to welcome him. Much to his surprise, George saw that
no one, not even his family, was around to meet him
when he descended from the train. He looked very neat
in a new suit and carried a bulky suitcase full of
fashionable clothes.
After a little while, the station master came from his
office and went over to the young fellow. ‘Well, hello
there, George,’ he called out cheerly, ‘Are you going
away?’
13. The station master’s question implied that
(a) he offered help to George in climbing the train
(b) he is known to George very intimately
(c) he is making fun of George
(d) George’s absence from the town was not noticed by
him
14. George hoped for a big welcome because
(a) of his achievement and success
(b) he is returning home after a very long time
(c) people loved him
(d) his community wanted dynamic leaders like him
15.
George’s great expectations are an indication of his
(a) humility (b) optimism
(c) pride (d) love of his community
16.
George’s success was most clearly visible in
(a) the station master’s words
(b) his clothes
(c) his being unbearably conceited
(d) the manner in which he was received by the village
PASSAGE 5
The assault on the purity of the environment is the
price that we pay for many of the benefits of modern
technology. For the advantages of automative
transportation we pay a price in smog-induced
diseases; for the powerful effects of new insecticides,
we pay a price in dwindling wildlife and disturbances
in the relation of living things and their
surroundings; for nuclear power, we risk the biological
hazards of radiation. By increasing agricultural
production with fertilizers, we increase water
pollution. The highly developed nations of the world
are not only the immediate beneficiaries of the good
that technology can do, they are also the first victims
of the environmental diseases that technology breeds.
In the past, the environmental effects which
accompanied technological progress were restricted to
a small place and relatively a short time. The new
hazards are neither local nor brief. Modern air
pollution covers vast areas of continents. Radioactive
fall out from nuclear explosions is worldwide.
Radioactive pollutants now on the Earth’s surface will
be found there for generations, and in the case of
carbon 14 for thousands of years.
17. The passage emphasises that modern technology
(a) is totally avoidable
(b) has caused serious hazards to life
(c) has greater effect on developed countries
(d) is the source of the miseries of mankind
18.
The harmful effects of modern technology are
(a) widespread but shortlived
(b) widespread and long lasting
(c) local and long lasting
(d) severe but shortlived
19.
With reference to the passage, the following
assumptions have been made
1. The widespread use of insecticides has caused
ecological disturbances.
2. Conservation of natural flora and fauna is
impossible in this age of modern technology.
--- PDF PAGE 762 ---
557GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
Which of the assumption(s) given above is/are valid?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
PASSAGE 6
To what extent, though, are modern farming methods
sustainable? There is abundant evidence that a high
price has to be paid to sustain the high rates of food
production achieved by farmed monocultures, e.g. they
offer ideal conditions for the epidemic spread of diseases
such as mastitis brucellosis and swine fever among
livestock and coccidiosis among poultry. Farmed animals
are normally kept at densities far higher than their
species would meet in nature with the result that
disease transmission rates are magnified.
In addition high rates of transmission between herds
occur as animals are sold from one farming enterprise to
another, and it is easy for the farmers themselves, with
mud on their boots and their vehicles, to act as vector of
pests and disease.
20. With reference to the passage, consider the following
statements
1. The modern practices of farming are undesirable for
developing countries.
2. Monoculture practices should be given up to eliminate
disease transmission in animals.
Which of the statement(s) given above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
21.
What is the essence of this passage?
(a) Farming is a very costly affair
(b) Farmed animals are kept at higher densities in
monocultures
(c) There is a widespread transmission of animal diseases
now-a-days
(d) Human dependence on monoculture is fragile
2012 (II)
PASSAGE 7
Sit down, the Principal said, but Mr Tagde continued to
stand, gaining courage from his own straight-backed
stance, because he was beginning to feel a little afraid
now. The Principal looked unhappy. He disliked being
forced to perform this sort of an unpleasant task.
‘I wish you would consider withdrawing this report’, he
said. ‘I am sorry, Sir, I cannot do that’, Mr Tagde said.
He was pleased with his unwavering voice and
uncompromising words.
‘It will be a very damaging report if put on record.’
‘It is a factual report on very damaging conduct.’
‘You are asking for the boy’s expulsion from school. Don’t
you think, the punishment is too harsh for a few boyish
pranks’?
22. Mr Tagde did not sit down because
(a) he was angry with the Principal
(b) he was in a defiant mood
(c) he did not like the student
(d) he was in a hurry
23.
He would not withdraw the report because
(a) he was arrogant and bitter
(b) it was an accurate report
(c) he wanted to create problems for the Principal
(d) he wanted to show his authority
24.
The Principal was unhappy because he
(a) did not like to deal with an arrogant person
(b) was angry with Mr T agde
(c) could not enforce discipline in school
(d) did not want to expel the boy
PASSAGE 8
It was a bitterly cold night, and even at the far end
of the bus, the East wind that raved along the street
cut like a knife. The bus stopped, the two women and
a man got in together and filled the vacant places.
The younger woman was dressed in sealskin and
carried one of those Pekinese dogs that women in
sealskin like to carry in their laps. The conductor
came in and took the fares. Then his eye rested with
cold malice on the beady-eyed toy dog. I saw trouble
brewing. This was the opportunity for which he had
been waiting, and he intended to make the most of
it.
25. The wind that blew on the night was
(a) mild
(b) pleasant
(c) bitter
(d) sharp
26.
The younger woman was carrying the dog as
(a) a necessity
(b) a fashion
(c) an expression of provocation
(d) an escort
27.
Which of the following statements best describes
the nature of the conductor?
(a) He was dutiful
(b) He was a law-abiding person
(c) He liked dogs
(d) He was unfriendly and malicious
28.
‘It was a bitterly cold night, and even at the far
end of the bus, the East wind that raved along the
street cut like a knife’. This sentence gives us an
idea of
(a) a lonely nightbus journey
(b) an unbearable cold night
(c) the wind at the time that was still and cold
(d) the hardship of author’s journey
--- PDF PAGE 763 ---
PASSAGE 9
Before an armed robber locked Mary Graves in the
sweltering trunk of her car, she dialled an emergency
number on her portable telephone and slipped it to her
three years old daughter. Though confused, the little
girl saved the day. She told emergency operators that
her mother was locked in the trunk. Although, she
didn’t know where she was, she provided some
important clues-she could see airplanes and the sky,
according to the transcript of the emergency phone call.
The operator called Tampa International Airport Police,
who searched the top floor of the airport parking garage
where the car was parked. The operator told the girl to
honk, enabling the police to locate the car and free Mrs
Graves.
29. The clues provided by the little girl suggest that the
car was parked
(a) outside but adjacent to the airport
(b) by the main street of the city
(c) at the airport
(d) in a parking garage in the sidelane
30.
The passage indicates that the girl was
(a) clever and brave
(b) had the maturity of an adult
(c) coy and shy
(d) worried and excited
31.
The girl helped the police trace the car by
(a) shouting loudly (b) making too much din
(c) shrieking frightfully (d) sounding the horn
32.
Through the passage, the writer suggests the
importance and utility of
(a) education of little children (b) parking garages
(c) portable telephones (d) airports
PASSAGE 10
For days I trudged from one property dealer to
another, from one ‘to-let’ notice to another with the
estimated advance money tucked safely in the inner
lining of my handbag, but in vain. At one place, they
needed a couple, at another a young man, and at
another they wished to know my employment status.
And I realised that I was a freak called the single
woman and the job status being nothing more than a
freelance writer with hardly any assignments in hand,
only dreams of making it some day. So, the
dream-house remained far away, gradually turning into
a fantasy.
33. The author ‘trudged from one property dealer to
another’ means that the author
(a) had to walk a lot of distance
(b) had to do a brisk walk to save the time
(c) visited several property dealers without any success
(d) acquired a good knowledge about the property
dealers of that area
34. According to the passage, the author was
(a) a novelist (b) an independent writer
(c) a publisher of journals (d) an unemployed person
35.
Which of the following statements best reflects the
underlying tone of the passage?
(a) People always let out their houses to well employed
persons only
(b) People always let out their houses only to couples
(c) Single jobless woman, find it difficult to rent a house
(d) Women always dream of a house
PASSAGE 11
Martin had many little tricks highly entertaining to his
son. On an evening, returning from the market, he
would buy a paper mask, the head of a hissing dragon.
He would put it on and knock at the door.
On opening the door, the boy would be terrified for a
moment, but only for a moment, for he would soon
remove it and the two would roll with laughter. Tom
would, then, go out with the mask and knock at the
door for his father to open. Martin had to act as if he
was paralysed with fear.
36. Martin played his little tricks because
(a) he was very much interested in them
(b) he wanted to terrify his son
(c) his son got pleasure from them
(d) it was his habit to make tricks
37.
Which of the following statements is the most
appropriate description of the mask?
(a) It is a mask looking like a dragon with long tail and
covering the whole body of Martin
(b) It is a mask looking like the head of a dragon with
its tongue hanging out
(c) It is a mask looking like an animal with horns, wings
and a pair of ferocious eyes emitting fire
(d) It is a mask looking like the head of a King Cobra
38. The father and son rolled with laughter after the
(a) father put on the mask (b) opening of the door
(c) son saw the mask (d) father removed the mask
2013 (I)
PASSAGE 12
Galileo desired to use his telescope to make more
discoveries in the heavens, but his instrument was too
small. He made another and larger telescope which
magnified eight times and then another which
magnified thirty times and pointed it at the Moon. His
heart leaped with joy, for he saw what no human eye
had ever before seen-ranges of mountains, deep hollows
and broad plains! He turned his telescope on the
planets and found they appeared with disks like the
Moon at a quarter full. He turned it on the Milky Way
and beheld innumerable tiny stars.
558 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 764 ---
559GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
39. Galileo made several telescopes because
(a) he needed all of them to explore the heavens
(b) he wanted to compare the findings obtained from
different telescopes
(c) the earlier ones he made were not powerful enough
(d) only some of them could magnify the stars
40. When Galileo saw what no human eye had ever before
seen he
(a) was overjoyed (b) was shocked
(c) felt humble (d) was very proud
PASSAGE 13
My father was passionate about two things : education
and socialism. He was himself a born teacher. Indeed, he
could never restrain himself from teaching and as a
small boy I was frequently embarrassed by his desire to
instruct everybody-people in railway carriages, for
instance-though I realised even then that it was an
innocent desire, quite free from vanity.
He was equally ready to receive instruction. Education,
to men of his generation and temperament, was
something it has largely ceased to be now-a-days. It was
the great golden gateway to the enchanted realms of the
mind.
41. The author wants us to know that his father
(a) was a school teacher
(b) was an educationist and socialist
(c) used to travel a lot
(d) loved teaching
42.
The author often felt embarrassed by the behaviour of
his father because
(a) he taught badly
(b) he taught even at odd places
(c) he wanted to show off his learning
(d) he lost self-control while teaching
43.
To the generation of the writer’s father, education was
(a) an old fashioned enterprise
(b) the result of good teaching
(c) an exploration of the world of imagination
(d) one aspect of socialism
44.
From the passage, it is clear that the author
(a) loved and admired his father
(b) disapproved his father’s love of teaching
(c) thought of him as vain
(d) considered his father’s education inadequate
PASSAGE 14
We started looking on the ground for blood, hair, or a
drag mark that would lead us to the deer killed by the
tiger. We had proceeded a hundred yards, examining
every foot of the ground and going dead slow, when
Mothi, just as I turned my head to look at him, started
backwards, screaming as he did so.
Then, he whipped round and ran for dear life,
beating the air with his hands as if warding off a
swarm of bees and continuing to scream as he ran.
The sudden and piercing scream of a human being in
a jungle where a moment before all has been silent is
terrifying to hear. Instinctively, I knew what had
happened. With his eyes fixed on the ground, looking
for the blood or hair of the kill, Mothi had failed to
see where he was going and had walked towards the
tiger.
45. Mothi and the narrator were scanning the ground
because
(a) they were looking for the tiger
(b) the forest was full of unpleasant surprises
(c) they were trying to discover the tiger’s footprints
(d) they were looking for marks left by the tiger’s prey
46.
Mothi began to scream when he
(a) was attacked by a swarm of bees
(b) was frightened by the sight of blood
(c) came face to face with the tiger
(d) stumbled on the tiger
47.
In the context of the passage, ‘kill’ means
(a) the act of killing
(b) an animal killed by the tiger
(c) a human being killed by the tiger
(d) a wounded tiger
48.
Before Mothi screamed, the jungle was
(a) quiet (b) dark
(c) noisy (d) terrifying
PASSAGE 15
When Ibbotson returned from Pauri, I told him of the
leopard’s habit of going down the road between
Rudraprayag and Golabrai on an average once in
every five days. I convinced him that the only hope I
now had of shooting the man-eater was by sitting over
the road for ten nights, for, the leopard would be
almost certain to use the road at least once during
the period. Ibbotson agreed to my plan reluctantly, for
I had already sat-up many nights and he was afraid
that another ten nights on end would be too much for
me.
49. Ibbotson was reluctant to agree to the narrator’s
plan because he was afraid that
(a) the leopard would kill him
(b) the narrator would become very tired
(c) the narrator would kill the leopard
(d) the leopard might not come
50.
The narrator wanted to
(a) shoot the leopard
(b) see the leopard
(c) capture the leopard
(d) frighten the leopard
--- PDF PAGE 765 ---
560 CDS Pathfinder
PASSAGE 16
Many poor farmers had been compelled to take up indigo
cultivation, when the British settlers were given the
right to purchase and cultivate land in India. Many
whites, therefore, either acquired land or advanced loans
to poor farmers and pressurised them to forsake the
farming of foodgrains and other cash crops for indigo
cultivation. Indigo export to Europe was lucrative for the
British settlers who held a monopoly of this business.
Within a few years, most of the fertile lands had
undergone forcible indigo cultivation, resulting in a
famine situation in Bengal. When the farmers declined to
cultivate indigo, they were tortured, jailed and even
killed.
51. The poor farmers in Bengal took up indigo cultivation
because
(a) the government encouraged them to do so
(b) it was a money earning crop
(c) they were forced to do so
(d) this was the only crop that would grow in that region
52.
British settlers bought land in Bengal in order to
(a) introduce cultivation of cash crops in India
(b) cultivate indigo
(c) settle down in India
(d) promote export business in Bengal
53.
Indigo export was profitable for the British settlers
because
(a) they had no competitors
(b) the crop yield was good
(c) they could oppress the farmers
(d) the labour was cheap
PASSAGE 17
The first day out we met our first rhino, two of them
and I had the fright of my life. The pair had our scent
before we spotted them and being bad tempered beasts,
they rushed towards where they thought we were. Now
it just happened that we were about fifty yards to one
side of where they expected to find us-which was just as
well, for I must say I did not like their look. As they
thundered past, we crouched low and let them go. It did
not strike me as a good opportunity for rhino
photography. Anyhow, I was much too frightened to have
been able to hold the camera steady.
54. From the above passage, it appears that rhinos
(a) run away when they see human beings
(b) rush to attack when they smell human scent
(c) hide under the bushes at the sight of human beings
(d) stand still if they are not attacked
55.
When the author saw a rhino for the first time, he was
(a) excited (b) frightened
(c) charmed (d) surprised
56.
The author could not take the photographs of the
rhinos because
(a) he was too far away from rhinos
(b) he was not carrying a good camera
(c) it did not occur to him that he had a chance to do so
(d) he did not like the look of rhinos
2013 (II)
PASSAGE 18
A well-dressed young man entered a big textile shop
one evening. He was able to draw the attention of the
salesmen who thought him rich and likely to make
heavy purchases. He was shown the superior varieties
of suit lengths and sarees. But after casually
examining them, he kept moving to the next section,
where readymade goods were being sold and further
on to the hosiery section. By then, the salesmen had
begun to doubt his intentions and drew the attention
of the manager.
The manager asked him what exactly he wanted and
he replied that he wanted courteous treatment. He
explained that he had come to the same shop in
casual dress that morning and drawn little attention.
His pride was hurt and he wanted to assert himself.
He had come in good dress only to get decent
treatment, not for getting any textiles. He left
without making any purchase.
57. The young man was well-dressed because
(a) it was his habit to dress well
(b) it was his wedding day
(c) he wanted to meet the manager of the shop
(d) he wanted to impress the salesmen
58.
The salesmen in the shop are described as people
who pay attention to
(a) only young men and women
(b) pretty women
(c) only rich customers
(d) regular customers
59.
The young man moved away to the hosiery section
because he
(a) was not interested in purchasing anything now
(b) did not like the readymade clothes
(c) wanted better clothes
(d) was restless
60.
The manager asked the young man what he
wanted because
(a) he would give him exactly what he was looking for
(b) the salesman had drawn his attention to the
indifferent attitude of the young man
(c) he thought they could do more business with him
that way
(d) he thought the visitor was dissatisfied
--- PDF PAGE 766 ---
561GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
61. The young man left without making purchases
because he
(a) did not have money
(b) could not find any item of his choice
(c) had come only to make a point about the
indifferent attitude of the salesmen towards casually
dressed customers
(d) decided to come to make the purchases later on
PASSAGE 19
The prisoner awaited his chance. For three solid
years, he had schemed for this opportunity. Now that
escape seemed so near at hand, those three years lost
some of their monotony. But he would never forget
the lashes, the close confinement, low diet and worse
still the mental strain of those black days. Suddenly,
the warden did what he had hoped. He stopped to
unlock the lower padlock.
With a dull thud he slumped forward with keys in his
hands. Swiftly the prisoner seized his keys, unlocked
the cell and ran into the courtyard. It took him four
seconds to reach the rope-ladder secretly placed there
by his accomplices, five more to clamber over the wall,
and three more to jump into the waiting car to be
whisked away to freedom. Even though he was guilty,
the prisoner felt he had paid for his crime, for the
man he had robbed three years ago was still a
millionaire.
62. For what crime had the prisoner been punished?
(a) Murder (b) Arson
(c) Robbery (d) Kidnapping
63.
When had the crime been committed?
(a) Just before the escape (b) Three years earlier
(c) Long ago (d) Day earlier
64.
Who slumped forward with a dull thud?
(a) The millionaire (b) The warden
(c) The prisoner (d) Prisoner’s accomplice
65.
What did the prisoner suffer the most during
imprisonment?
(a) Poor health (b) Mental strain
(c) Physical torture (d) Absence from his family
PASSAGE 20
Nationalism is only a curse when it becomes narrow
and fanatical. Like so many other things available to
man, say, religion, it can easily lead men astray.
Nationalism can lead people into thinking only of
themselves, of their own struggles, of their own
misery. It can also cause a nation to become
suspicious and fearful of its neighbours, to look upon
itself as superior and to become aggressive and it is
when nationalism impels a state to become
expansionist and seek domination over others that it
becomes a positive curse and harmful internationally.
66. From the passage, which of the following statements
most correctly reflects the opinion of the author?
(a) Nationalism makes people self-centered and
self-conceited
(b) It helps a nation to become superior to other nations
(c) It regulates international relationships
(d) It helps a nation to expand its territories and become
powerful
67. Which of the following phrases most correctly
suggests the central theme of the passage?
(a) Nationalism and religion
(b) Nationalism as an inspiration for development
(c) Nationalism as a cause of war
(d) Evils of narrow and aggressive nationalism
68.
From the passage, which of the following statements
can be assumed to be most likely to be true?
(a) The author believes that nationalism is always a curse
(b) He believes that it is possible for men to misuse religion
(c) He thinks that religion always leads men astray
(d) He pleads for a mix-up of religion and nationalism
PASSAGE 21
Brown and his men, huddling round a fire, ate the last
of the food that Kassim had brought them that day.
Cornelius sat among them, half-asleep. Then, one of the
crew remembered that some tobacco had been left in the
boat, and said he would go and fetch it. He did not
think there was any danger in going to the creek in the
dark. He disappeared down the hillside and a moment
later he was heard climbing into the boat and then
climbing out again.
69. Consider the following statements
1. Brown and Cornelius sat round the fire.
2. Cornelius lay half-asleep at a little distance from the
fire.
3. All the people sat round the fire.
Which of the statement(s) given above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 2 (c) Only 3 (d) 1 and 3
70. One of them disappeared down the hill implies that
(a) the slope of the hill was slippery
(b) he fell from the edge of the hill
(c) there was suddenly a sea beside the hill
(d) he walked down the hill
71.
‘He didn’t think .... in the dark.’ This sentence
actually implies that he
(a) was bold and adventurous
(b) was addicted to smoking
(c) would face some trouble
(d) was the only person who knew where in the boat
tobacco was
72. What does the word ‘huddling’ imply?
(a) Moving around (b) Falling into a slumber
(c) Being close together (d) Merrymaking
--- PDF PAGE 767 ---
PASSAGE 22
As soon as I saw the elephant I knew with perfect
certainty that I ought not to shoot him. It is a serious
matter to shoot a working elephant. It is comparable to
destroying a huge and costly piece of machinery and
obviously one ought not to do it if it can possibly be
avoided. And at that distance, peacefully eating, the
elephant looked no more dangerous than a cow.
73. The writer was against shooting the elephant
because
(a) he suspected it to be a wild one and was afraid of it
(b) his heart was full of compassion for animals
(c) he was certain that the elephant was innocent
(d) it would amount to avoidable waste of useful property
74.
The author compares the elephant to a costly
machine because
(a) ivory is very expensive
(b) it can do as much work as an expensive machine
(c) elephants look like big machines
(d) elephants and machines have similar prices
75.
The elephant looked no more dangerous than a cow
because
(a) it was quietly doing its work
(b) unlike lions, it is a vegetarian animal
(c) its tusks resemble the cow’s horns
(d) cows can be very dangerous sometimes
PASSAGE 23
I was very fond of the old soldier in our little town. He
had only one leg, having lost the other somewhere in
Assam in 1942. He used to tell me about his
adventures. He told me that he had run away from
home to join the army. He had experienced his first
battle in the Libyan desert. Out of his dozens of war
stories, the one I liked best was the one of his escape
from a Japanese prison-of-war camp in Burma. He told
me again and again how he walked two hundred miles
in two weeks. On the way he was bitten on the toe by
a poisonous snake and he had to cut off part of the toe
in order to survive. But by the time he got to an
Indian camp the wound had turned septic and the leg
had to be amputated. He is, however, quite contented
with his lot.
76. The author was very fond of the old soldier because
(a) he had lost one of his legs in war
(b) he used to tell the author about his adventures
(c) he was contented with his lot
(d) he had been to many countries
77.
Why did the old soldier repeatedly tell that he
walked two hundred miles?
(a) He ran way from home to join the army
(b) He had to cross the Libyan desert
(c) He had to escape from a prison-of-war camp
(d) He was a strong soldier
78.
The story of the old soldier that the author liked
most was that about
(a) his running away from home to join the army
(b) his first battle in the Libyan desert
(c) the loss of his leg in Assam
(d) his escape from a Japanese prison-of-war camp
79.
The old soldier, according to the author, was
(a) unhappy about his life
(b) satisfied with his lot
(c) angry about his fate
(d) disgusted with his misfortune
80.
The soldier’s leg had to be amputated because
(a) he had walked two hundred miles in two weeks
(b) he was wounded in war
(c) the wounded toe turned septic
(d) he was shot in the leg while escaping from the
Japanese camp
PASSAGE 24
A large number of people had come to attend the
meeting to be addressed by the gifted speaker. The
organisers had a difficult time keeping the assembled
people quiet as the meeting did not commence at the
scheduled time.
After some time, the people lost their patience and
began to shout and heckle. The organisers had great
difficulty in assuaging the anger of the crowd when
they were forced to cancel the meeting as the speaker
had to be hospitalised due to sudden illness.
81. What was the actual reason for the organisers to
have a difficult time?
(a) A large number to people had come to the meeting
(b) The organisers could not make proper arrangements
(c) The meeting could not be started in time
(d) The speaker was ill
82.
What does the word ‘assuaging’ imply?
(a) Accepting (b) T olerating
(c) Reducing (d) Removing
83.
Further delay resulted in the people
(a) leaving the place
(b) fighting with the organisers
(c) making noise
(d) making the speaker ill
2014 (I)
PASSAGE 25
Those responsible for teaching young people have
resorted to a variety of means to make their pupils
learn. The earliest of these was the threat of
punishment. This meant that the pupil who was slow,
careless or inattentive risked either physical
chastisement or the loss of some expected privilege.
Learning was thus associated with fear.
562 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 768 ---
563GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
At a later period, pupils were encouraged to learn
in the hope of some kind of reward. This often took
the form of marks awarded for work done and
sometimes of prizes given at the end of the year to
the best scholar. Such a system appealed to the
competitive spirit, but was just as depressing as the
older system for the slow pupil.
In the 19th century sprang up a new type of
teacher, convinced that learning was worthwhile for
its own sake and that the young pupil’s principal
stimulus should neither be anxiety to avoid a
penalty nor ambition to win a reward, but sheer
desire to learn. Interest, direct or indirect, became
the keyword of instruction.
84. The educational system which caused fear in the
second mind was based on
(a) rewards (b) labour
(c) punishment (d) competition
85.
The system based on rewards satisfied all except
(a) the slow pupil
(b) the very intelligent pupil
(c) the laborious pupil
(d) the casual pupil
86.
The system which appealed to the competitive
spirit in the pupils was largely based on
(a) punishment (b) marks
(c) chastisement (d) cash prizes
PASSAGE 26
On a surface which is free from obstacles, such as a
clear road or a path, only two or three species of
snakes can hope to catch up with a human being,
even if they are foolish to try. A snake seems to
move very fast but its movements are deceptive. In
spite of the swift, wave-like motions of its body, the
snake crawls along the ground at no more than the
speed of man’s walk. It may, however, have an
advantage inside a jungle, where the progress of a
man is obstructed by thorny bushes. But in such
places, the footsteps of a man are usually more than
enough to warn snakes to keep away. Although they
have no ears of the usual kind, they can feel slight
vibrations on the ground through their bodies, and
thus get an early warning of danger.
87. The snake has an advantage over men inside a
jungle, because there
(a) it can crawl faster
(b) it gets advance warning
(c) man’s movement is obstructed
(d) it is dark inside a jungle
88.
What helps the snakes to receive advance
warning is their sensitivity to
(a) obstacles in the path
(b) smell of other beings
(c) sounds made by other beings
(d) movements of other beings
PASSAGE 27
This rule of always trying to do things as well as one can
do them has an important bearing upon the problem of
ambition.
No man or woman should be without ambition, which is
the inspiration of activity. But if one allows ambition to
drive one to attempt things which are beyond one’s own
personal capacity, then unhappiness will result. If one
imagines that one can do everything better than other
people, then envy and jealousy, those twin monsters, will
come to sadden one’s days. But if one concentrates one’s
attention upon developing one’s own special capacities, th e
things one is best at, then one does not worry over much
if other people are more successful.
89. Which one of the following alternatives brings out the
meaning of ‘to have a bearing upon’ clearly?
(a) T o have an effect on
(b) T o carry the weight on oneself
(c) T o put up with
(d) T o decrease friction
90.
Which one of the following statements is correct?
(a) There is a close relationship between ambition and
activity
(b) Ambition and activity belong to two different areas
(c) Ambition is useless
(d) Activity is responsible for ambition
91. The statement ‘if one allows ambition to drive one to
attempt things which are beyond one’s own personal
capacity, then unhappiness will result,’ means that
(a) one must always try to do less than one’s capacity
(b) one must always try to do more than one’s capacity
(c) ambition must be consistent with one’s capacity
(d) there should be no ambition at all
92.
Which one of the following statements best reflects the
underlying tone of the passage?
(a) One must do everything as well as one can
(b) One must try to be better than others
(c) One must continuously worry about others
(d) One must try beyond one’s capacity to get results
93.
Which one of the following statements can be assumed
to be true?
(a) It is good to imagine oneself better than others
(b) One should not imagine oneself always to be better
than others
(c) All persons have equal capacity
(d) One should have more ambition than others
PASSAGE 28
An earthquake comes like a thief in the night, without
warning. It was necessary, therefore to invent
instruments that neither slumbered nor slept. Some
devices were quite simple. One, for instance, consisted of
rods of various lengths and thicknesses which would
stand up on end like ninepins. When a shock came it
shook the rigid table upon which these stood.
--- PDF PAGE 769 ---
If it were gentle, only the more unstable rods fell. If it
were severe, they all fell. Thus, the rods by falling and
by the direction in which they fell, recorded for the
slumbering scientist, the strength of a shock that was
too weak to waken him and the direction from which it
came. But, instruments far more delicate than that
were needed if any really serious advance was to be
made.
The ideal to be aimed at was to devise an instrument
that could record with a pen on paper the movements,
of the ground or of the table, as the quake passed by.
While I write my pen moves but the paper keeps still.
With practice, no doubt, I could, in time, learn to write
by holding the pen still while the paper moved.
That sounds a silly suggestion, but that was precisely
the idea adopted in some of the early instruments
(seismometers) for recording earthquake waves. But
when table, penholder and paper are all moving how is
it possible to write legibly? The key to a solution of
that problem lay in an everyday observation. Why does
a person standing in a bus or train tend to fall when a
sudden start is made? It is because his feet move on,
but his head stays still.
94. The passage says that early instruments for
measuring earthquakes were
(a) faulty in design (b) expensive
(c) not sturdy (d) not sensitive enough
95.
Why was it necessary to invent instruments to
observe an earthquake?
(a) Because an earthquake comes like a thief in the
night
(b) T o make people alert about earthquakes during their
conscious as well as unconscious hours
(c) T o prove that we are technically advanced
(d) T o experiment with the control of man over nature
96. A simple device which consisted of rods that stood
up on end like ninepins was replaced by a more
sophisticated one because it failed
(a) to measure a gentle earthquake
(b) to measure a severe earthquake
(c) to record the direction of the earthquake
(d) to record the facts with a pen on paper
97.
The everyday observation referred to in the passage
relates to
(a) a moving bus or train
(b) the sudden start of a bus
(c) the tendency of a standing person to fall when a
bus or train moves suddenly
(d) people standing in a bus or train
98. The early seismometers adopted the idea that in
order to record the earthquake, it is
(a) the pen that should move just as it moves when we
write on paper
(b) the pen that should stay still and the paper should
move
(c) both pen and paper that should move
(d) neither pen nor paper that should move
2014 (II)
PASSAGE 29
During the summer I was introduced to the game of
cricket, and I felt my inherent foreignness for the first
time. The ball is far too hard for my taste. Even
during my last games at the school, angry spectators
would shout, ‘‘Butter fingers !’’ But I smiled. Everyone
knew in their hearts that I was going to drop the ball
anyway, and nobody expected me to be able to play the
game.
99. The author first played cricket
(a) as a child in his own country
(b) when he was a school boy
(c) when he was a tourist
(d) when he returned home after his studies
100.
“Felt my inherent foreignness” means
(a) felt very strange
(b) felt very interested and excited
(c) enjoyed learning new games
(d) felt my superiority over others
101.
Spectators would shout ‘‘Butter fingers’’ when the
author was playing because
(a) he liked butter
(b) his fingers were like those of a lady
(c) he often dropped the ball
(d) he was very good at the game
102.
‘Spectator’ means
(a) glasses
(b) onlookers
(c) watchman
(d) player
PASSAGE 30
How can you improve your reading speed? By taking
off the brakes. You wouldn’t think of driving a car with
the brake on. Yet as a reader you probably have
several brakes slowing you down.
One very common brake is regressing— looking back
every now and then at something already read. It is
like stepping backwards every few metres as you
walk— hardly the way to move ahead quickly.
Regression may arise from a lack of confidence,
vocabulary deficiency, or actually missing a word or
phrase. It makes a long sentence seem even more
complex as the eyes frequently regress.
Eye movement photographs of 12000 readers in
America showed that university students regress an
average of 15 times in reading only 100 words. The
average student of class four was found to look back 20
times. In short, regression consumes one-sixth of your
precious reading time. Release this brake and enjoy a
spurt in reading speed.
564 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 770 ---
565GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
103. In the context of the passage, what does
‘regression’ mean?
(a) Lack of desire to improve the reading speed
(b) Looking back at what is already read
(c) Lack of proper understanding of what one
reads
(d) Comparing the reading speed of school and
university students
104. In order to be a good reader you should
(a) regress whenever necessary
(b) be like a careful driver
(c) not look back frequently while reading
(d) test your vocabulary frequently
105.
According to the author reading with regression
is like
(a) driving with poor quality brakes
(b) stepping backwards while walking
(c) using several brakes in order to slow down
(d) making sudden spurts in reading speed
PASSAGE 31
Even in the most primitive societies the great
majority of people satisfy a large part of their
material needs by exchanging goods and services.
Very few people indeed can make for themselves
everything they need—all their food, their clothes,
their housing, their tools. Ever since men started
living in communities, they have been satisfying
their needs by means of specialisation and
exchange, increasingly each individual has
concentrated on what he can do best and has
produced more of the special goods or services in
which he has concentrated, than he can consume
himself. The surplus he has exchanged with other
members of the community, acquiring, in exchange
the things he needs that others have produced.
106. Very few people can satisfy their needs today
by
(a) providing things for themselves
(b) exchanging goods and services
(c) concentrating on what they can do best
(d) individual specialisation
107.
Exchange of goods becomes possible only when
(a) there is no specialisation
(b) goods are produced in surplus
(c) primitive societies become modern
(d) individuals make things for themselves
108.
Specialisation and exchange began when men
started
(a) big industries
(b) concentrating on their work
(c) producing things for individual use
(d) living in communities
109.
Exchange of goods and services becomes necessary
because
(a) man is a social being
(b) reciprocity is the law of life
(c) trade and commerce are means of progress
(d) we cannot produce everything we need ourselves
PASSAGE 32
Soil scientists have shown that the soil teems with millions
of living things, many of them useful, others harmful. The
living things which are useful include earthworms and
various kinds of bacteria. Earthworms loosen the soil and so
enable air and water to enter it. Bacteria, which are
microscopic living things breakdown dead plants and
animals and make humus, or take nitrogen from the air
and change it into substances that plants use.
The living things that do harm include other bacteria and
fungi which cause diseases. Other harmful things are pests
such as wire worms which feed on the roots of grass and
other plants. While the farmer can usually keep weeds in
check by careful cultivation, this alone may not protect his
crops from insects, pests and diseases. Now-a-days,
however, he is much better able to control these enemies.
He may plant specially resistant types of seeds or he may
keep the pests and diseases in check with chemicals. With
better seeds farmers have been able to increase their crop
yields. They can grow crops that ripen more quickly and
have a stronger resistance to disease, frost or drought.
110. Scientists who study soil believe that
(a) all insects and bacteria are harmful
(b) only microscopic living things are useful
(c) only earthworms are useful
(d) not all worms and bacteria are harmful
111.
The living things that do harm
(a) break down plants and animals
(b) use up the nitrogen from the air
(c) cause diseases in the plants
(d) loosen up the soil from air and water
112.
Farmers are always careful
(a) to control insects and fungi that attack plants
(b) to encourage pests in the soil
(c) to eliminate all bacteria from the soil
(d) to foster all kinds of worms in the earth
113.
Now-a-days, it is possible to reduce the loss caused by
pests and harmful bacteria
(a) with the use of chemical fertilizers
(b) through the development of resistant seeds
(c) by using weeds as killers
(d) by controlling earthworms
114.
The farmers today can also select seeds
(a) of slow ripening variety
(b) resistant to frost and drought
(c) for economy in costs
(d) of lower resistance to disease
--- PDF PAGE 771 ---
2015 (I)
PASSAGE 33
A little man beside me was turning over the pages of a
magazine quickly and nervously. Opposite me, there
was a young mother who was trying to restrain her
son from making a noise. The boy had obviously grown
weary of waiting. He had placed an ashtray on the
floor and was making aeroplane noises as he waved a
pencil in his hands. Near him, an old man was fast
asleep, snoring quickly to himself and the boy’s mother
was afraid that sooner or later her son would wake the
gentleman up.
115. The noise was made by the
(a) old man (b) aeroplane (c) little man (d) boy
116. The person who was the least disturbed was the
(a) observer (b) son (c) old man (d) little man
117. The factor common to all the people was that they
were all
(a) watching a film
(b) waiting for something
(c) looking at the little boy’s playfulness
(d) reading magazine
118.
Among those present the one who appeared to be the
most bored was the
(a) child (b) little man (c) old man (d) mother
PASSAGE 34
A man had two blacksmiths for his neighbours. Their
names was Pengu and Shengu. The man was greatly
troubled by the noise of their hammers. He decided to
talk to them. The next day, he called both of them and
offered ` 100 each, if they found new huts for
themselves. They took the money and agreed to find
new huts for themselves. The next morning, he woke
up again to the sound of their hammers. He went out
to see why the blacksmiths hadn’t found new huts and
he discovered that Pengu and Shengu had kept their
promise. They had exchanged their huts.
119. The man was troubled because
(a) the blacksmiths always fought with each other
(b) the blacksmiths’ hammers made a lot of noise
(c) he was afraid of blacksmiths
(d) the blacksmiths did not do their work properly
120.
The man gave them money because
(a) the blacksmiths were poor
(b) the blacksmiths had asked him for money
(c) he did not want them to make a noise
(d) he wanted them to find new huts
121.
The man went out of his house because
(a) he wanted to fight with the blacksmiths
(b) he wanted to ask the blacksmiths to stop the noise
(c) he wanted to find out why they hadn’t found new huts
(d) he wanted his money back from the blacksmiths
122.
The man came to know that
(a) the blacksmiths were not in their huts
(b) the blacksmiths had exchanged their huts
(c) the blacksmiths were going away
(d) the blacksmiths had not kept their promise
PASSAGE 35
The tigress was a mile away and the ground between her
and us was densely wooded, scattered over with great
rocks and cut up by a number of deep ravines, but she
could cover the distance well within the half-hour—if she
wanted to.
The question I had to decide was, whether or not
I should try to call her. If I called and she heard me,
and came while it was still daylight and gave me a
chance to shoot her, all would be well; on the other
hand, if she came and did not give me a shot, some of
us would not reach camp, for we had nearly two miles
to go and the path the whole way ran through heavy
jungle.
123. According to the author,
(a) the tigress wanted to cover the distance within the
half-hour
(b) the tigress did not wish to cover the distance within
the half-hour
(c) the tigress actually covered the distance within the
half-hour
(d) there was a possibility of the tigress covering the
distance within the half-hour
124. The author says, ‘‘Some of us would not reach
camp’’, because
(a) it was two miles away
(b) the tigress would kill some of them
(c) the path is not suitable for walking
(d) the ground was scattered over with great rocks
125.
The author found it difficult to decide the question
because
(a) he was afraid
(b) the tigress was only a mile away
(c) the ground between them was densely wooded
(d) there was uncertainty about the reaction of the
tigress to his call
126. The time available to the author for shooting the
tigress was
(a) the whole day (b) one night
(c) a few hours (d) 30 minutes
127.
When the author says ‘all would be well’, he means
(a) that they would be able to hide themselves in the
heavy jungle
(b) that the tigress would run away to the deep ravines
(c) that they would be able to shoot her down without
difficulty
(d) that they would be able to return in daylight
566 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 772 ---
567GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
PASSAGE 36
After lunch, I felt at a loose end and roamed about
the little flat. It suited us well enough when
mother was with me, but now I was by myself, it
was too large and I’d moved the dining room table
into my bedroom. That was now, the only room I
used; it had all the furniture I needed; a brass
bedstead, a dressing table, some cane chairs whose
seats had more or less caved in, a wardrobe with a
tarnished mirror. The rest of the flat was never
used, so I didn’t trouble to look after it.
128. The flat did not really suit him any more
because
(a) the rooms were too small
(b) he was living on his own now
(c) his mother needed too much rooms
(d) the flat itself was too little
129.
He did not look after the rest of the flat because
(a) he did not use it
(b) the bedroom was too much large
(c) he needed only the brass bedstead
(d) he had too much furniture
130.
‘‘.............. now I was by myself, it was too large’’.
The word it here refers to the
(a) dining room table (b) dining room
(c) bedroom (d) flat
131.
From the passage, we learn that the writer was
(a) scared of living alone in the flat
(b) dissatisfied with the flat
(c) satisfied with the space in his bedroom
(d) an eccentric person
132.
‘‘After lunch I felt at a loose end’’ means
(a) he had nothing specific to do
(b) had a rope with a loose end
(c) had much work to do
(d) had a feeling of anxiety
PASSAGE 37
The overwhelming vote given by the greater part
of the public has so far been in favour of films
which pass the time easily and satisfy that part of
our imagination which depends on the more
obvious kind of daydreams. We make up for what
we secretly regard as our deficiencies by watching
the stimulating adventures of the other people
who are stronger, more effective, or more beautiful
than we are. The conventional stars act out our
daydreams for us in a constant succession of
exciting situations set in the open spaces, in the
jungles or in the underworld of great cities which
abounds in crime and violence. We would not dare
to be in such situations but the situations are very
exciting to watch since our youth is being spent in
day-to-day routine of school, office or home.
133. According to the passage, most of us prefer films which
(a) overwhelm our imagination
(b) depict our times
(c) fulfil our secret wishes
(d) appeal to our reason
134.
By watching thrilling adventures in films, we make up
for the
(a) effectiveness of our desires
(b) shortcomings in our life
(c) stimulation of our everyday life
(d) influence which we don’t have
135.
Film stars present situations
(a) which are familiar to us, the city dwellers
(b) which we have seen only in jungles
(c) which we meet everyday at work
(d) which excite us
136.
Whether we admit it to ourselves or not, we are aware
that we are
(a) weak and plain
(b) both powerful and handsome
(c) as strong as film heroes
(d) more beautiful than film stars
137.
The daily life of students, office-goers and housewives is
(a) full of new adventures
(b) the same dull repetition
(c) stimulating to their imagination
(d) very exciting to them
2015 (II)
PASSAGE 38
Much rhapsodical nonsense has been written about the
‘Mona Lisa’ and her enigmatic smile, and there have been
endless speculations as to her character and the meaning of
her expression. It is all beside the mark. The truth is that
the ‘Mona Lisa’ is a study of modeling. Leonardo da Vinci
had discovered that the expression of smiling is much more
a matter of modeling of the cheek and of the forms below
the eye than of the change in the line of the lips. It
interested him to produce a smile wholly by these delicate
changes of surface; hence the mysterious expression.
138. The word ‘rhapsodical’ as used in the passage means
(a) plain (b) unreadable
(c) enthusiastic (d) uniformed
139.
‘Mona Lisa’ is the name of
(a) a beautiful woman who made history in ancient Rome
(b) a famous painting
(c) the artist’s mistress
(d) an art technique
140.
The truth about the ‘Mona Lisa’ is that it is a study in
(a) feminine psychology (b) facial expression
(c) feminine form (d) modeling
--- PDF PAGE 773 ---
568 CDS Pathfinder
141. The painter was able to produce that strange
smile on Mona Lisa’s face by
(a) delicate changes on the surface of cheeks below
the eyes
(b) using bright colours
(c) using a painting knife
(d) looking constantly at a smiling model while
painting
142. The author of the above passage has examined
‘Mona Lisa’ from
(a) an idealistic angle
(b) an imaginary point of view
(c) a purely artistic angle
(d) a scientific and realistic standpoint
PASSAGE 39
It is possible to give wedding presents, birthday and
Christmas presents, without any thought of
affection at all, they can be ordered by postcard; but
the unbirthday present demands the nicest care. It
is therefore the best of all and it is the only kind to
which the golden rule of present-giving imperatively
applies. The golden rule which insists that you must
never give to another person anything that you
would not rather keep: nothing that does not cost
you a pang to part from. It would be better if this
rule governed the choice also of those other three
varieties of gifts, but they can be less exacting.
143. The author says that wedding, birthday and
Christmas presents
(a) are always indicators of the giver’s affection
(b) may not always be given with any thought of
affection
(c) are given only to flatter the recipient
(d) are given only to fulfil an obligation
144.
‘They can be ordered by postcard’ means that
(a) the present may only be a postcard
(b) the present would be an expensive one
(c) the choice does not involve much care
(d) the present would not be worth giving
145.
The ‘unbirthday’ present is the best of all because
(a) it cannot be ordered by postcard
(b) it means giving expensive presents
(c) its choice needs the utmost care
(d) other occasions are better than birthdays for
giving presents
146. A ‘golden rule’ is a rule which
(a) brings profit (b) is very important
(c) is very difficult (d) is very easy
147.
The writer is of the view that one should give a
present that
(a) one would like to possess oneself
(b) one would like to get rid of
(c) cannot be ordered by mail
(d) is highly expensive and attractive
PASSAGE 40
People project their mental processes into their
handwriting. They subconsciously shape and organise
their letters, words and lines in ways that directly reflect
their personalities. This explains why not two
handwritings are or even can be alike; the medium is just
too personal. Everyday observation confirms the link
between handwriting and personality, at least in an
elementary way. Precise people construct their words with
care, slowly and exactly; dynamic people dash them off.
Flamboyant people boldly cover half a page with a few
words and a signature, whose size fittingly reflects their
expansive sense of self. Most of us have made such
observations. But it takes a practiced eye to discern the
scores of variations and interpret the subtle interplay of
forces at work in any given handwriting. In fact in
Europe, handwriting analysis known as graphology, now
enjoys scientific acceptance and common use.
148. If you are a showy and colourful person, your
handwriting is likely to be
(a) neat and slow (b) dashing and careless
(c) bold and large (d) legible but small
149.
Graphology is
(a) the study of graphs
(b) the analysis of handwriting
(c) a special branch of phonetics
(d) a graphical description of handwriting
150.
Handwriting analysis is
(a) not useful to us
(b) an elementary study
(c) an imprecise science
(d) a means of studying personality
151.
According to the author, people are
(a) not conscious of what they write
(b) aggressive in the nature of their writing
(c) not conscious of the way they write
(d) not used to personal writing
152.
The fact that handwriting is related to personality
(a) has been noticed by most people
(b) is appreciated by dynamic people
(c) is restricted to persons who write carefully
(d) is known only to graphologists
PASSAGE 41
The simplest method of welding two pieces of metal
together is known as pressure welding. The ends of metal
are heated to a white heat—for iron, the welding
temperature should be about 1300°C— in a flame. At this
temperature the metal becomes plastic. The ends are then
pressed or hammered together and the joint is smoothed
off. Care must be taken to ensure that the surfaces are
thoroughly cleaned first, for dirt will weaken the weld.
Moreover, the heating of iron or steel to a high
temperature causes oxidation, and a film of oxide is
formed on the heated surfaces.
--- PDF PAGE 774 ---
569GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
For this reason, a flux is applied to the heated metal.
At welding heat, the flux melts, and the oxide
particles are dissolved in it together with any other
impurities which may be present. The metal surfaces
are pressed together, and the flux is squeezed out
from the centre of the weld. A number of different
types of weld may be used, but for fairly thick bars of
metals, a vee-shaped weld should normally be
employed. It is rather stronger than the ordinary butt
weld.
153. The simplest way of welding two pieces of metal
together is
(a) heating the metal
(b) holding it in a flame
(c) coating the metal with plastic
(d) hammering heated pieces
154.
Unless the surfaces are cleaned first,
(a) the metal will not take white heat
(b) the resulting weld will be weak
(c) the joint will be rough
(d) the metal will be less plastic
155.
When iron is heated to about 1300 degree
centigrade,
(a) flames turn from white to blue
(b) chemical reaction starts
(c) oxide film is found on its surfaces
(d) it turns into steel
156.
The flux is used to
(a) make the metal plastic
(b) cool the heated metal
(c) cover up any dirt
(d) dissolve oxide and other impurities
157.
For fairly thick bars of metals
(a) a vee-shaped weld should be used
(b) an ordinary butt weld should be used
(c) a number of different types of weld may be used
(d) a pressure weld may be used
2016 (I)
PASSAGE 42
To avoid the various foolish opinions to which
mankind is prone, no superhuman brain is required. A
few simple rules will keep you, not from all errors, but
from silly errors.
If the matter is one that can be settled by observation,
make the observation yourself. Aristotle could have
avoided the mistake of thinking that women have
fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking
Mrs Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he
counted. Thinking that you know, when in fact you do
not, is a bad mistake to which we are all prone.
I believe myself that hedgehogs eat black beetles,
because I have been told that they do; but if I were
writing a book on the habits of hedgehogs, I should
not commit myself until I had seen one enjoying this
diet.
Aristotle, however, was less cautious. Ancient and
medieval writers knew all about unicorns and
salamanders; not one of them thought it necessary to
avoid dogmatic statements about them because he had
never seen one of them.
158. The writer believes that
(a) most people could avoid making foolish mistakes if
they were clever
(b) through observation we could avoid making many
mistakes
(c) Aristotle made many mistakes because he was not
observant
(d) all errors are caused by our own error in thinking
159. With reference to the passage, which one of the
following is the correct statement?
(a) Aristotle was able to avoid the mistake of thinking
that women have fewer teeth than men
(b) Aristotle thought women have fewer teeth than men
(c) Aristotle proved that women have fewer teeth by
counting his wife’s teeth
(d) Aristotle may have thought that women have fewer
teeth because he never had a wife
160. The writer says that if he was writing a book on
hedgehogs,
(a) he would maintain that they eat black beetles
because he had been told so
(b) he would first observe their eating habits
(c) he would think it unnecessary to verify that they ate
black beetles
(d) he would make the statement that they ate black
beetles and later verify it
161. The writer is of the opinion that
(a) unicorns and salamanders were observed by ancient
and medieval writers but were unknown to modern
writers
(b) ancient and medieval writers wrote authoritatively
about unicorns and salamanders though they had
never seen them
(c) unicorns and salamanders do not exist
(d) only those who had observed the habits of unicorns
and salamanders wrote about them
162.
A ‘dogmatic statement’ in the context means a
statement which is
(a) convincing (b) proved
(c) unquestionable (d) doubtful
PASSAGE 43
Since I had nothing better to do, I decided to go to the
market to buy a few handkerchiefs, the old ones had
done vanishing trick. On the way I met an old friend of
mine and I took him to a nearby restaurant for tea and
snacks. Afterwards, I went to the shop and selected a
dozen handkerchiefs. I pulled out my purse to make the
payment and discovered that it was empty; I then
realised that it was not my purse. It was a different
purse altogether. How that happened is still a source of
wonder to me and I refuse to believe that it was the
work of my good old friend, for it was his purse that I
held in my hand.
--- PDF PAGE 775 ---
163. The man could not buy the handkerchiefs because
(a) he did not like the handkerchiefs
(b) his friend did not allow him to buy them
(c) the shop did not have any handkerchiefs
(d) he had no money in the purse
164.
When he tried to take out the purse, he discovered
that
(a) it was not there (b) it was lost
(c) it was a new purse (d) it was his friend’s purse
PASSAGE 44
A profound terror, increased still by the darkness, the
silence and his waking images, froze his heart within
him. He almost felt his hair stand on end, when by
straining his eyes to their utmost, he perceived
through the shadows two faint yellow lights. At first,
he attributed these lights to the reflection of his own
pupils, but soon the vivid brilliance of the night aided
him gradually to distinguish the objects around him in
the cave, and he beheld a huge animal lying but two
steps from him.
165. The opening of the passage suggests that
(a) darkness, silence and waking images added to his
already being in profound terror
(b) a profound terror increased the waking images in his
frozen heart
(c) the person was frightened by darkness and silence
(d) a profound terror was caused in him by the silence
and darkness of the night
166. When he perceived through the shadows two faint
lights,
(a) he experienced a great strain
(b) he felt his hair stand upright
(c) his eyes felt strained to their utmost
(d) his pupils dilated
167.
The person in the story
(a) imagined that he saw an animal
(b) could not recognise the animal
(c) saw the animal by chance
(d) expected to see the animal
PASSAGE 45
We are tempted to assume that technological progress
is real progress and that material success is the
criterion of civilisation. If the Eastern people become
fascinated by machines and techniques and use them,
as Western nations do, to build huge industrial
organisations and large military establishments, they
will get involved in power politics and drift into the
danger of death. Scientific and technological civilisatio n
brings great opportunities and great rewards, but also
great risks and temptations. Science and technology
are neither good nor bad. They are not to be tabooed
but tamed and assigned their proper place. They
become dangerous only if they become idols.
168. According to the author, people think that real
progress lies in
(a) material success and technological growth
(b) imitating Western nations
(c) having large industries and political power
(d) taking risks and facing temptations
169.
According to the author, science and technology
should be
(a) tabooed and eliminated from life
(b) used in a controlled and careful manner
(c) encouraged and liberally used
(d) made compulsory in education
170.
From the passage, one gathers that the Eastern
people must
(a) appreciate scientific achievements
(b) build huge industrial organisations
(c) avoid being controlled by machines and techniques
of industrial production
(d) be fascinated by machines
171. According to the author, science and technology are
(a) totally harmless
(b) extremely dangerous
(c) to be treated as idols
(d) useful, if they are not worshipped blindly
PASSAGE 46
It is not luck but labour that makes men. Luck, says
an American writer, is ever waiting for something to
turn up; labour with keen eyes and strong will always
turns up something. Luck lies in bed and wishes the
postman would bring him news of a legacy; labour
turns out at six and with busy pen and ringing
hammer lays the foundation of competence. Luck
whines, labour watches. Luck relies on chance; labour
on character. Luck slips downwards to self-indulgence;
labour strides upwards and aspires to independence.
The conviction, therefore, is extending that diligence is
the mother of good luck; in other words, that a man’s
success in life will be proportionate to his efforts, to his
industry, to his attention to small things.
172. Which one of the following statements sums up the
meaning of the passage?
(a) Luck waits without exertion but labour exerts without
waiting
(b) Luck waits and complains without working while
labour achieves success although it complains
(c) Luck often ends in defeat but labour produces luck
(d) Luck is self-indulgent but labour is selfless
173. Which one of the following statements is true about
the passage?
(a) Luck is necessary for success
(b) Success depends on hard work and attention to
details
(c) Expectation of good luck always meets with
disappointment
(d) Success is exactly proportionate to hard work only
570 CDS Pathfinder
--- PDF PAGE 776 ---
174. ‘‘...... labour turns out at six and with busy pen and
ringing hammer lays the foundation of competence.’’
This statement means
(a) hard work of all kinds makes people efficient and
skilled
(b) the labour lays the foundation of the building
(c) the writer and the labourer are the true eyes of the
society
(d) there is no worker who works so hard as the
labourer who begins his day at six in the morning
PASSAGE 47
The avowed purpose of the exact sciences is to
establish complete intellectual control over experience
in terms of precise rules which can be formally set out
and empirically tested. Could that ideal be fully
achieved, all truth and all error could henceforth be
ascribed to an exact theory of the universe, while we
who accept this theory would be relieved of any
occasion for exercising our personal judgement. We
should only have to follow the rules faithfully.
Classical mechanics approaches this ideal so closely
that it is often thought to have achieved it. But this
leaves out of account the element of personal
judgement involved in applying the formulae of
mechanics to the facts of experience.
175. The purpose of the exact sciences is to
(a) form opinions about our experience
(b) formulate principles which will help us to exercise
our personal judgement
(c) assert our intellectual superiority
(d) make formal and testable rules which can help verify
experience
176. An exact theory of the universe is
(a) not desirable (b) improbable
(c) possible (d) yet to be made
177.
In exact sciences,
(a) personal judgements are set aside in favour of a
mechanical theory
(b) one does not find answers to all questions and
problems
(c) one reposes faith in actual experience
(d) one interprets the universe according to one’s wish
178. Classical mechanics
(a) has formulated precise rules based on experience
(b) has gained intellectual control over the world
(c) has formulated an exact theory of the universe
(d) just falls short of achieving intellectual control over
experience
571GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
ANSWERS
Check Y our Comprehension Skill
1 c 2 b 3 a 4 d 5 d 6 b 7 b 8 b 9 d 10 b
11 b 12 c 13 d 14 b 15 d 16 d 17 c 18 c 19 d 20 d
21 c 22 a 23 d 24 b 25 c 26 d 27 b 28 c 29 c 30 b
31 b 32 c 33 c 34 c 35 d 36 d 37 a 38 c 39 c 40 a
41 c 42 c 43 a 44 c 45 c 46 c 47 c 48 b 49 d 50 c
51 b 52 d 53 b 54 d 55 c 56 a 57 b 58 c 59 d 60 b
61 a 62 c 63 c 64 a 65 b 66 c 67 a 68 d 69 d 70 a
71 a 72 c 73 a 74 c 75 c 76 b 77 d 78 c 79 d 80 c
81 b 82 c 83 a 84 c 85 a 86 d 87 d 88 c 89 c 90 b
91 a 92 c 93 c 94 d 95 a 96 d 97 d 98 d 99 c 100 b
101 d 102 c 103 b 104 b
Questions from CDS Exam (2012-16)
1 c 2 d 3 a 4 b 5 c 6 d 7 a 8 c 9 b 10 c
11 d 12 c 13 d 14 a 15 c 16 b 17 c 18 b 19 a 20 b
21 c 22 b 23 b 24 d 25 d 26 b 27 d 28 b 29 c 30 a
31 d 32 c 33 c 34 b 35 c 36 c 37 b 38 d 39 c 40 a
41 d 42 b 43 c 44 a 45 d 46 c 47 b 48 a 49 b 50 a
51 c 52 b 53 a 54 b 55 b 56 c 57 d 58 c 59 a 60 b
61 c 62 c 63 b 64 b 65 b 66 a 67 d 68 c 69 b 70 d
71 a 72 c 73 d 74 b 75 a 76 b 77 d 78 d 79 b 80 c
81 c 82 c 83 c 84 c 85 a 86 b 87 c 88 d 89 a 90 a
91 c 92 a 93 b 94 d 95 a 96 d 97 c 98 b 99 b 100 a
101 c 102 b 103 b 104 c 105 b 106 a 107 b 108 d 109 d 110 d
111 c 112 a 113 b 114 b 115 d 116 c 117 b 118 b 119 b 120 d
121 c 122 b 123 d 124 c 125 d 126 a 127 c 128 b 129 a 130 d
131 c 132 a 133 a 134 b 135 d 136 a 137 b 138 c 139 b 140 d
141 a 142 c 143 b 144 c 145 c 146 b 147 a 148 c 149 b 150 d
151 c 152 d 153 d 154 b 155 c 156 d 157 a 158 b 159 b 160 b
161 b 162 c 163 d 164 d 165 a 166 c 167 a 168 a 169 b 170 c
171 d 172 d 173 b 174 a 175 b 176 b 177 a 178 a
--- PDF PAGE 777 ---
572 CDS Pathfinder
Check Y our Comprehension Skill
1. (c) In an affluent society, many people
prefer to work shorter hours because
they want time to carry out other
activities.
2. (b) Domestic chores are too
demanding.
3. (a) Robots are used in mines and
factories to perform the hazardous
tasks.
4. (d) It depends on the number of
people who require it.
5. (d) In the writer’s opinion, the energy
crisis will remain with us for an almost
indefinite period of time.
6. (b) ‘So fragile a base’ refers to the
uncertainty about the flow of Arab oil.
7. (b) The type of writing in the passage
could be called scientific.
8. (b) Death is a natural phenomenon
because it is as natural as the fall of
leaves or fruits from a tree.
9. (d) The author wants to show that
death occurs with the achievement of
fullness.
10. (b) Here, option (b) is appropriate.
11. (b) Here, the author’s opinion is that
one should be different from others.
12. (c) To establish a different image.
13. (d) According to the author, one
should try to get noticed by being
innovative.
14. (b) The author had been a comedy
writer.
15. (d) Here, option (d) is correct.
16. (d) Here, option (d) is correct.
17. (c) Wind power is economically viable
on long-term basis is the correct
statement.
18. (c) The phrase ‘almost inevitably’
means invariably.
19. (d) The bitterness of conflict has been
toned down because of the writer
being quite close to the Englishmen.
20. (d) Because the writer was popular
among the masses.
21. (c) Because English is the most
important language of the world.
22. (a) The speakers of every language
consider their language as the
most important one.
23. (d) The writer’s evaluation of the
importance of the English
language is based on objective
criteria.
24. (b) The main reason of frustration
is that the young generation is
unemployed.
25. (c) The enormous responsibility to
comprehend the problems of the
young generation lies with the
sociologists.
26. (d) The increase in violence in our
society is the result of frustration
in life.
27. (b) Strive for freedom is the
correct answer.
28. (c) A worm first tries to move out
of the glass jar.
29. (c) Here, option (c) is correct.
30. (b) Matter constantly changes
shape as it has an urge to be free.
31. (b) Topography deals with the
description of features of a place.
32. (c) Formal instruction is about a
regular education at school.
33. (c) Here, option (c) is correct.
34. (c) Here, option (c) correctly
explains the statement.
35. (d) The mate shall stop guessing
about your feelings when you talk
openly to him.
36. (d) If you are honest with yourself,
you can talk openly and honestly
to your mate.
37. (a) Y ou should take time off to be
alone so that you can talk to
yourself.
38. (c) No architect plans without
assessing the present situation
because change is impossible
otherwise.
39. (c) According to the author,
meetings are a form of playing
elaborate games.
40. (a) The correct option is (a).
41. (c) The author believes in the
sanctity of holding meeting for
collective opinion.
42. (c) The traditional image of a lion is
that he is wise, gentle and brave.
43. (a) The writer was extremely
frightened so he used this statement.
44. (c) The lion is described as a beast
with a sense of wrath.
45. (c) The author’s friend took him
away from the public walk in order
to avoid a person who was following
them.
46. (c) Here, option (c) is the correct
answer.
47. (c) The author was panicked at the
sudden appearance of a person
which he did not like.
48. (b) The ceremony of the solitary
retreat was observed by every boy
and every girl in some tribes.
49. (d) The purpose of the retreat was
to secure the aid of a spirit for
oneself.
50. (c) The way to perform the vigil was
to fast and wait alone.
51. (b) Because the sound of the boy's
scream surpassed in the gale.
52. (d) The boy was walking behind his
parents while he was struck by the
gale.
53. (b) The parents discovered the
mishap only when the dog barked
furiously.
54. (d) The dabbawallahas came into
existence as a consequence of
Mumbai’s overcrowding.
55. (c) The people of Mumbai could go
home to take lunch in the past.
56. (a) Option (a) i.e. objective is the
correct answer.
57. (b) During the winter, common
birds in India come down to the
foothills.
58. (c) Because of bad weather birds get
delayed in migration.
EXPLANATIONS
--- PDF PAGE 778 ---
59. (d) Mostly the birds make their long
journey in the darkness.
60. (b) Option (b) is the correct answer.
61. (a) The likely reason is that in order
to sell books, he has to tell lies.
62. (c) The author liked to buy a lot of
books at auctions.
63. (c) Option (c) is the correct
statement.
64. (a) ‘I scraped through my BA
examination’ means that the author
passed it with great difficulty.
65. (b) He is highly critical and also
sarcastic about it.
66. (c) Walking is recommended as it is
not very strenuous.
67. (a) The chances of a heart attack
are decreased by walking.
68. (d) Strokes occur because of the
bursting of blood vessels.
69. (d) Option (d) is the correct answer.
70. (a) The correct option is (a).
71. (a) The enemy could be cheated
easily.
72. (c) Here, leopards is the right
answer.
73. (a) Tigers body parts have a value in
traditional Chinese medicine.
74. (c) The dangerous groups that prey
on are illegal hunters and traditional
apothecaries.
75. (c) Sabu wanted to produce a sequel
to the Thief of Baghdad.
76. (b) Abu emerges as a benevolent
hero in his new incarnation.
77. (d) Sabu's dream came true because
his daughter has continued the story
of Abu.
78. (c) The author compares the
telephone with a pest which creates
troubles and destroys our spirit.
79. (d) Waiting for an expected call
makes us feel nervous and worried.
80. (c) Here, option (c) is the corret
answer.
81. (b) There are several types of
proteins which carry out specific
tasks.
82. (c) Proteins are classified according
to their functions.
83. (a) The function of the enzymes is
to direct chemical reactions in body
cells.
84. (c) The author suggests that his
mother was different from his father.
85. (a) It means that her face clearly
showed her feelings.
86. (d) The mother views were based on
ethical judgements strongly.
87. (d) According to the author, we
must say Please as it is a civilised
custom.
88. (c) The writer thinks that courtesies
make life pleasant.
89. (c) Please and Thank you should be
used by everybody.
90. (b) Because the author recognised
the need for respecting the privacy
of her daughter.
91. (a) Openly reciting the poems
written by the author.
92. (c) The correct option is (c) here.
93. (c) Humming birds get their names
due to the humming noise made by
them.
94. (d) Iridescent means glittering.
95. (a) ‘Bill’ in the passage refers to the
humming bird’s beak.
96. (d) Option (d) is the correct answer.
97. (d) Child labour is the biggest
concern for the whole world.
98. (d) Child labour hinders a child’s
physical, mental and moral
development.
99. (c) Poverty is the main cause of
child labour.
100. (b) Bird watching is also referred as
birding.
101. (d) ‘Traipse’ is the correct option.
102. (c) House crow is the right answer.
103. (b) Many people don’t like bird
watching as they have to wake up at
4 am to watch birds.
104. (b) Beady eyes means watchful eyes.
Questions from CDS Exam (2012-2016)
1. (c) With regard to ‘journey’ it can
be said that a pleasant journey is
being referred here.
2. (d) Option (d) is clearly written and
hence, the obvious choice.
3. (a) Provisions means mainly food
and fresh water.
4. (b) ‘Farthing’ is a unit of money and
in the passage captain was not
willing to receive any money from
the author as a friendly gesture.
Farthing means –A coin formerly
used in Great Britain worth one
fourth of a penny.
5. (c) The passage shows relationship
of author and captain in a positive
light.
6. (d) The children think that the Sun
and the Moon are moving round the
Earth.
7. (a) The early ideas of man were
wrong as man did not use the
telescope for accurate observations.
8. (c) Option (c) is true with reference
to passage. Travelling and exploring
is given in the passage as methods
for the gaining knowledge.
9. (b) As mentioned in the passage,
“They naturally …. flat”. Believing
naturally means to believe what we
see.
10. (c) Option (c) shows the maximum
effect of snow on the feet of the
author.
11. (d) The man experienced genuine
surprise when he discovered that his
hands could not clutch, that there
was neither bend nor feeling in the
fingers.
12. (c) The man was unable to clutch
the dog as his hands got frozen.
13. (d) Even though George was not in
town for a long time, station master
who most probably would be the
part of the same small rural
community did not notice his
absence from the village.
14. (a) George was over possessed by
his success and had created the
illusion that everyone in town would
come to receive him as people
usually do for a successful man.
573GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
--- PDF PAGE 779 ---
574 CDS Pathfinder
15. (c) As the passage mentions that his
success went in his head so in all
probability it was the reason of his
inflated expectations. Proper word for
it is ‘pride’.
16. (b) Only thing that can be associated
with his success is his looks with a
new suit and a bulky suitcase.
17. (c) Option (c) is correct.
18. (b) It is clearly found in passage that
‘The new hazards are neither local
nor brief ’.
19. (a) Only option (a).
20. (b) There is no special mention of
developing countries in the passage
regarding farming, it is not given in
passage that modern farming
methods should be given up. Passage
only details the harmful effects of the
monocultures.
21. (c) Option (c) seems to be the point
author wants to make through the
passage linking it with monocultures.
22. (b) Mr Tagde did not sit down
because he was in a defiant mood.
23. (b) He would not withdraw the
report because it was an accurate
report.
24. (d) It can be inferred from the last
sentence of the passage that the
Principal was unhappy because he
did not want to expel the boy.
25. (d) The wind that blew on the night
was sharp.
26. (b) The younger woman was carrying
the dog as a fashion.
27. (d) The conductor was unfriendly
and malicious.
28. (b) The sentence gives us an idea of
an unbearable cold night.
29. (c) Option (c) is correct.
30. (a) The passage clearly indicates that
the girl was clever and brave.
31. (d) Sound the horn is the correct
answer.
32. (c) The writer suggests the
importance and utility of portable
telephones.
33. (c) It means that the author visited
several property dealers without any
success.
34. (b) The author was an independent
writer.
35. (c) Answer can be inferred after
reading the passage that single
jobless woman find it difficult to
rent a house.
36. (c) Martin played his little tricks
because his son got pleasure
from them.
37. (b) It is a mask looking like the
head of a dragon with its tongue
hanging out.
38. (d) The father and son rolled with
laughter after the father removed
the mask.
39. (c) Galelio made several telescopes
as the earlier ones were not
powerful enough.
40. (a) ‘His heart leaped with joy’
means his heart was filled with
happiness of success.
41. (d) The author wants us to know
that his father loved teaching.
42. (b) The author often felt
embarrassed by the behaviour of his
father because he taught even at
odd places.
43. (c) As per the generation of the
writer’s father, education was an
exploration of the world of
imagination.
44. (a) From the passage, it is clear that
the author loved and admired his
father.
45. (d) They were looking for marks
left by the tiger’s prey.
46. (c) Mothi began to scream when he
came face to face with the tiger.
47. (b) In the passage, ‘kill’ means an
animal killed by the tiger.
48. (a) The jungle was quiet before
Mothi screamed.
49. (b) Because he was afraid that the
narrator would become very tired.
50. (a) The narrator wanted to shoot
the leopard.
51. (c) The poor farmers in Bengal
took up indigo cultivation as they
were forced to do so.
52. (b) Britishers started purchasing
land in India and forced Indian
farmers to cultivate indigo.
53. (a) Indigo export was profitable for
the British settlers as they had no
competitors.
54. (b) The rhinos rush to attack when
they smell human scent.
55. (b) When the author saw the rhino
for the first time, he was frightened.
56. (c) The author could not take the
photographs of the rhinos because
he was frightened and it did not
occur to him that he had a chance
to do so.
57. (d) The young man was well-dressed
because he wanted to impress the
salesmen.
58. (c) The salesmen in the shop are
described as people who pay
attention to only rich customers.
59. (a) The young man moved to the
hosiery section because he was not
interested in purchasing anything.
60. (b) The manager asked the young
man what he wanted because the
salesman had drawn his attention to
the indifferent attitude of the young
man.
61. (c) The young man left without
making purchases because he had
come only to make a point about
the indifferent attitude of the
salesmen towards casually dressed
customers.
62. (c) The prisoner had been punished
for robbery.
63. (b) The crime had been committed
three years earlier.
64. (b) The warden slumped forward
with a dull thud.
65. (b) Option (b) is correct.
66. (a) The author is of the opinion
that nationalism makes people
self-centered and self-conceited.
67. (d) Evils of narrow and aggressive
nationalism incorporates the central
theme of the passage.
68. (c) Option (c) is correct.
69. (b) Cornelius lay half-asleep at a
little distance from the fire.
70. (d) ‘Disappeared down the hill’
means to walk down the hill. Hence,
option (d) is correct.
71. (a) This sentence implies that the
crew member was bold and
adventurous.
72. (c) ‘Huddling’ means ‘being close
together’.
--- PDF PAGE 780 ---
575GENERAL ENGLISH Comprehension
73. (d) The writer was against shooting
the elephant because he felt it would
amount to avoidable waste of useful
property.
74. (b) The author compares the elephant
to a costly machine because it can do
as much work as an expensive
machine.
75. (a) The elephant looked no more
dangerous than a cow because it was
quietly doing its work.
76. (b) The author was very fond of the
old soldier as he used to tell him
about his adventures.
77. (d) The soldier repeatedly tells that he
walked two hundred miles because he
emphasised that he was a strong
soldier.
78. (d) The author mentions in the third
line of the passage that he liked the
story of soldier’s escape from a
Japanese prison-of-war camp.
79. (b) The old soldier, according to the
author, was satisfied with his lot.
80. (c) The soldier’s leg had to be
amputated because his wounded toe
turned septic.
81. (c) That the organisers had a difficult
time because the meeting could not be
started on time.
82. (c) The word ‘assuaging’ means to
reduce.
83. (c) Further delay resulted in the
people making noise.
84. (c) The educational system which
caused fear in the second mind was
based on punishment.
85. (a) System based on rewards did not
satisfy the slow pupil.
86. (b) System based on marks appealed
to the competitive spirit in the pupils.
87. (c) Man’s movement is obstructed in a
jungle.
88. (d) Movements of other beings helps
snakes to receive advance warning.
89. (a) Option (a) is the correct choice.
In this context, ‘bearing’ means ‘effect’.
90. (a) There is a close relationship
between ambition and activity.
91. (c) It means that ambition must be
consistent with one’s capacity.
92. (a) The underlying tone of the
passage is that one must do everything
as well as one can.
93. (b) One should not imagine oneself
always to be better than others.
94. (d) The early instruments for
measuring earthquakes were not
sensitive enough.
95. (a) Because earthquake comes like
a thief in the night.
96. (d) To record the facts with a pen
and paper.
97. (c) The tendency of a standing
person to fall when a bus or train
moves.
98. (b) It was presumed that at the
time of earthquake, the pen that we
use to write on a paper should stay
still and the paper should move.
99. (b) The author first played cricket
when he was a school boy.
100. (a) “Felt my inherent foreignness”
means ‘feeling strange’.
101. (c) Spectators would shout “Butter
Fingers” when the author was
playing because the ball slipped
from his hands and dropped.
102. (b) ‘Spectator’ means a person
watching an event i.e., an onlooker.
103. (b) ‘Regression’ means looking back
every now and then at what is
already read.
104. (c) In order to be a good reader
you should not look back
frequently while reading.
105. (b) The author mentions in the
fourth line of the passage that
reading with regression is like
stepping backwards while walking.
106. (a) Very few people can satisfy
their needs today by providing
things for themselves.
107. (b) Exchange of goods becomes
possible only when goods are
produced in surplus.
108. (d) Specialisation and exchange
began when men started living in
communities.
109. (d) Exchange of goods and services
becomes necessary because we
cannot produce everything we need
ourselves.
110. (d) Soil scientists believe that not
all worms and bacteria are harmful.
111. (c) The living things that do harm
cause diseases in the plants.
112. (a) Farmers are always careful to
control insects, fungi and bacteria
that attack plants.
113. (b) Now-a-days, it is possible to
reduce the loss caused by pests and
harmful bacteria with resistant types
of seeds.
114. (b) The farmers today can also select
seeds resistant to frost and drought.
115. (d) The noise was made by the boy.
116. (c) ‘Fast asleep old man’ suggests
that he was least disturbed.
117. (b) Everybody was waiting for
something.
118. (b) The little man was most bored
because he was turning the pages of
the magazine nervously.
119. (b) The man was troubled as the
blacksmiths’ hammers made a lot of
noise.
120. (d) Money was given to the
blacksmiths to find new huts for
themselves.
121. (c) The man wanted to know why
the blacksmiths hadn’t found new
huts.
122. (b) The man came to know that the
blacksmiths had exchanged their
huts.
123. (d) As per the author, there was a
possibility of the tigress covering the
distance within the half hour.
124. (c) The path to the camp was not
suitable for walking as it ran
through heavy jungle.
125. (d) The author found it difficult to
decide the question as there was
uncertainty about the reaction of the
tigress to his call.
126. (a) Shooting was possible during the
daylight, hence option (a) is suitable
here.
127. (c) When the author said ‘all would
be well’, he meant that they would
be able to shoot her down without
difficulty.
128. (b) The flat did not really suit him
any more as he was living on his
own now.
129. (a) He did not look after the rest of
the flat as he did not use it.
130. (d) Here, ‘it’ refers to ‘the flat’.
131. (c) From the passage, we learn that
the writer was satisfied with the
space in his bedroom.
--- PDF PAGE 781 ---
576 CDS Pathfinder
132. (a) ‘Feeling at a loose end’ means
‘feeling bored’ or ‘have nothing
specific to do’. Hence, option (a) is
correct.
133. (a) As per the passage, most of us
prefer films which overwhelm our
imagination. It is clear from the first
sentence of the passage.
134. (b) By watching thrilling adventures
we make up for the shortcomings in
our life.
135. (d) Film stars present situations
which excite us.
136. (a) As per the passage, we are aware
that we are weak and plain.
137. (b) The daily life of students,
office-goers and housewives is the
same dull repetition.
138. (c) ‘Rhapsodical’ means ‘enthusiastic’
in the passage.
139. (b) ‘Mona Lisa’ is the name of a
famous painting.
140. (d) ‘Mona Lisa’ is a study in
modeling.
141. (a) It is easily understood by reading
the last two lines of the passage that
the painter discovered the smile on
Mona Lisa’s face by delicate changes
on the surface of cheeks below the
eyes.
142. (c) The passage clearly shows the
artistic angle of the author.
143. (b) ‘may not always be given with any
thought of affection’ is correct as it is
clearly indicated in the first line of
the passage.
144. (c) This statement means that the
choice does not involve much care.
145. (c) Its choice needs the utmost care.
146. (b) A ‘golden rule’ is a rule which is
very important.
147. (a) It is clearly understood from the
passage that you must never give to
another person anything that you
would not rather keep.
148. (c) If you are a showy and colourful
person, your handwriting is likely to
be bold and large.
149. (b) Graphology is the analysis of
handwriting.
150. (d) Handwriting analysis is a
means of studying personality.
151. (c) As per the author, people are
not conscious of how they write.
152. (d) The fact that handwriting is
related to personality is known only
to graphologists.
153. (d) The simplest way of welding
two pieces of metal together is
hammering heated pieces.
154. (b) Unless the surfaces are cleaned
first, the resulting weld will be
weak.
155. (c) When iron is heated to about
1300 degree centigrade, oxide film
is formed on its surfaces.
156. (d) The flux is used to dissolve
oxide and other impurities.
157. (a) For fairly thick bars of metals, a
vee-shaped weld should be used.
158. (b) The writer believes that
through observation we could avoid
making many mistakes because a
few simple rules will keep us not
from all errors, but from silly errors.
159. (b) Aristotle thought women have
fewer teeth than men which can be
inferred from the fourth line of the
passage.
160. (b) The writer says that if he was
writing a book on hedgehogs, he
would first observe their eating
habits.
161. (b) The writer is of the opinion
that ancient and medieval writers
wrote authoritatively about unicorns
and salamanders though they had
never seen them, which is clearly
mentioned in the last lines of the
passage.
162. (c) ‘Dogmatic statement’ means a
statement which is ‘unquestionable’.
163. (d) The man could not buy the
handkerchiefs because he had no
money in the purse.
164. (d) In the last two lines, it is clearly
written that ‘‘when he tried to take
out the purse, he discovered that it
was his friend’s purse.’’
165. (a) It is clearly stated in the first
line of the passage that profound
terror is increased due to darkness,
silence and waking images.
166. (c) When the writer’s eyes felt
strained to their utmost, he
perceived through the shadows two
faint lights.
167. (a) The person imagined that he
saw an animal.
168. (a) According to the author, people
think that real progress lies in
material success and technological
growth.
169. (b) According to the author, science
and technology should be used in a
controlled and careful manner.
170. (c) The Eastern people should avoid
being controlled by machines and
techniques of industrial production.
171. (d) According to the author, science
and technology are useful, if they are
not worshipped blindly.
172. (d) It can be inferred from the
passage that luck is self-indulgent
but labour is selfless.
173. (b) Success always depends on hard
work and attention to details of
small things.
174. (a) The statement means hard work
of all kinds makes people efficient
and skilled.
175. (b) The purpose of exact sciences is
to formulate principles which will
help us to exercise our personal
judgement.
176. (b) An exact theory of the universe
is ‘improbable’ , means all truth and
error are not likely to be true.
177. (a) In exact sciences, we would be
relieved of any occasion for
exercising our personal judgement.
178. (a) Classical mechanics has
formulated precise rules based on
experience.
--- PDF PAGE 782 ---

--- PDF PAGE 783 ---

--- PDF PAGE 784 ---
MEASUREMENT , MOTION, WORK,
ENERGY AND POWER
PHYSICAL QUANTITIES
All the quantities which can be measured directly or
indirectly in terms of which law of physics are
described and whose measurement is necessary, are
called physical quantities. e.g. velocity, time, mass, etc .
Unit
The standard amount of a physical quantity chosen
to measure the physical quantity of same kind is
called a physical unit.
Fundamental and Derived Units
The unit of a defined set of physical quantities called
fundamental quantities are known as fundamental
units and the units for all other physical quantities,
except fundamental quantities are known as derived
units.
e.g. unit of speed can be derived from fundamental units as,
Unit of speed
= Unit of distance
Unit of time
= =m
s
ms-1
SI System
It is based on the following seven basic units and two
supplementary units.
Name of Quantities Name of Units Name of Quantities Name of Un its
Basic Units
Length Metre Thermodynamic
temperature
Kelvin
Mass Kilogram Luminous intensity Candela
Time Second Quantity of matter Mole
Electric current Ampere
Supplementary Units
Plane angle Radian Solid angle Steradian
After analysing the previous year question papers, we have seen that 40-45 questions are asked from
science section, out of these 20-22 questions are asked from Physics. From physics section, around 2 to 3
questions each are asked from topics like motion, sound, electric current and 1 to 2 questions each are
asked from topics like optics, modern physics and heat.
PHYSICS
01
--- PDF PAGE 785 ---
580 CDS Pathfinder
SCALAR AND VECTOR
QUANTITIES
• Physical quantities which have magnitude only and
no direction are called scalar quantities.
e.g. mass, speed, volume, work, time, power, energy,
etc.
• Physical quantities which have magnitude and
direction both and which obey triangle law are called
vector quantities.
e.g. displacement, velocity, acceleration, force,
momentum, torque, etc.
MECHANICS
Mechanics deals with the study of motion of particles,
rigid and deformable bodies and general system of
particles.
Motion
A body is said to be in motion when its position
changes continuously with respect to a stationary body
taken as a reference point.
Distance and Displacement
• The distance covered by a body is the actual length
of the path travelled by the body between the initial
position and final position.
– It is always positive.
– It is a scalar quantity which has magnitude only.
Its unit is metre.
• The displacement of a particle is the change in
position of the particle in a particular direction and is
given by a vector drawn from its initial position to its
final position.
– Displacement may be positive, negative or zero.
– It is a vector quantity and its unit is also metre.
– The magnitude of displacement may or may not be
equal to the path length travelled by an object.
– Displacement ≤ Distance
– In Fig. (a) a particle starts from A and reach B
through points C, D and E, then AB is the
displacement and ( )AC CD DE EB+ + + is the
distance travelled.
– Also, in Fig. (b), a particle starts from A and reach
to C through point B, then AC is displacement
and distance covered is ( )AB BC+ .
Speed
The path length or the distance covered by an object divided
by the time taken by the object to cover that distance is calle d
the speed of that object. Its unit is m/s or km/h.
Speed Distance travelled
Time taken
=
• An object is said to be moving with a uniform speed , if it
covers equal distances in equal intervals of time.
• An object is said to be moving with a variable speed , if it
covers equal distances in unequal intervals of time or
unequal distances in equal intervals of time.
Average Speed
• If a motion is the ratio of the total distance travelled by the
object to the total time taken.
i.e. average speed,
v s s s
t t tav = + + +
+ + +
1 2 3
1 2 3
...
...
• If the body covers equal distances with different speeds,
then
v v v
v vav =
+
2 1 2
1 2
When the speed of an object is constantly changing, then the
speed at a particular moment or instant of time is called the
instantaneous speed of that object.
Velocity
The rate of change in position or displacement of a body with
time is called the velocity of that body. It is a vector quanti ty.
Velocity
= Displacement in particular direction
Time taken
• A body is said to be moving with uniform velocity , if
equal displacements of the body take place in same
direction in equal intervals of time.
• If a body moves in such a way that its speed or the
direction or both changes with time, the body is said to
have variable velocity .
Average Velocity
• If a body is defined as the net displacement divided by the
time taken for displacement.
v x x
t tav = −
−
2 1
2 1
As net displacement = −x x2 1 and time taken = −t t2 1
• Average velocity could be zero, positive or negative but
average speed is always positive for moving body. When a
particle returns to the starting point, its average velocit y is
zero but average speed is not zero.
Relative Velocity
• When two bodies are moving in the straight line, the speed
(or velocity) of one with respect to another is known as its
relative speed (or velocity).
• When two bodies are moving in the same direction, then
relative velocity = −v v
1 2 . When the two bodies are moving
in opposite directions, then relative velocity = +v v1 2 .
A B
C
A
B
C D
E
(a) (b)
--- PDF PAGE 786 ---
Acceleration
• It is the rate of change of velocity with respect to time. Its S I
unit is m/s 2 and CGS is cm/s 2. It is a vector quantity.
• An object is said to be moving with uniform acceleration , if its
velocity changes by equal amounts in equal intervals of time .
• An object is said to be moving with a variable acceleration , if
its velocity changes by unequal amounts in equal intervals o f
time.
• If the velocity of an object increases without change in
direction, it is said to be moving with positive acceleratio n.
• If the velocity of an object decreases without change in
direction, the object is said to be moving with negative
acceleration or deceleration or retardation.
• Acceleration of an object is zero, if it is at rest or moving wi th
uniform velocity.
Graphical Representation of Motion
1. Position–Time Graphs
(i) When distance covered by a moving
object goes on increasing with time,
the object is said to have positive
acceleration (i.e. velocity increases
with time).
(ii) When distance covered by a moving
object goes on decreasing with time,
the object is said to have negative acceleration (i.e.
velocity decreases with time).
(iii) When the moving object covers equal distance in equal
time, the object is said to have zero acceleration i.e.
uniform velocity.
(iv) When the position of object does not change with time,
the object is at rest (i.e. velocity is zero).
2. Velocity-Time Graphs
(i) In case of zero acceleration, the velocity of
the object does not change with time.
(ii) If the object is moving with uniform
positive acceleration having zero initial
velocity, then the velocity - time graph is a
straight line starting from origin.
(iii) In case of negative and constant
acceleration, the velocity of the object
decreases linearly with time.
(iv ) When the acceleration of the object is
increasing, line bending towards velocity
axis represent the increasing acceleration in
the body.
(v) When the acceleration of the object is
decreasing, line bending towards time axis
represents the decreasing acceleration in the
body.
581GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Time
Position
Time
Position
Time
Velocity
Time
Velocity
Time
Position
Time
Velocity
Time
Velocity
Time
Position
Time
Velocity
--- PDF PAGE 787 ---
582 CDS Pathfinder
Equations of Motion
For a moving object, the relations among its velocity,
displacement, time and acceleration can be represented by
equations. These equations are called equations of motion.
• For motion a straight line with constant acceleration a
(i) v u at= + (ii) s ut at= + 1
2
2
(iii) v u as2 2 2= +
• Equation of motion under gravity, (downward
direction)
(i) v u gt= + (ii)
h ut gt= + 1
2
2
(iii) v u gh2 2 2= +
Where, u = initial velocity
v = final velocity
g = gravitational acceleration
If an object is thrown vertically upward away from the
earth, then we shall substitute − g in place of g in the
above equations. The value of g is 9.8 m /s
2.
➨Note If a body starts from rest and moves with uniform
acceleration, then distance covered by the body in t sec is
proportional to t s t2 2( . . )i e ∝ .
Projectile Motion
When a body moves under an acceleration whose
direction is different from the direction of the initial
velocity, then both the magnitude and direction of its
velocity changes with time. Hence, the body moves on a
curved path in a plane. This type of motion is called
projectile motion.
• A bullet fired from a rifle and a body dropped from the
window of a moving train shows the projectile motion.
• Flight time of projectile, T u
g
= 2 sin θ
• Height of projectile, h u
g
=
2 2
2
sin θ
• Range of projectile, R u
g
=
2 2sin θ.
• We drop down a ball from a roof and at the same time
throw another ball in a horizontal direction, then both
the balls would strike the earth simultaneously at
different places.
• The horizontal range is the same when the body is
projected at θ and ( )90 ° − θ .
• The horizontal range of a projectile is maximum when
angle of projection is 45°.
• When two balls of different masses are projected
horizontally they will reach ground at same time.
FORCE
Force is a push or pull which produces or tends to produce
a change in uniform motion of body; stops or tends to stop
a body which is in motion. Its unit is Newton.
• It is a vector quantity and the straight line along which a
force is directed is called the line of action of the force.
• The rotational effect of a force on a body about an axis
of rotation is described in terms of moment of force.
• CGS unit of force is dyne i.e. 1 dyne = −10 5N.
Force is of two types
(i) Component of Force Forces acting at same angle from
the coordinate axes can be resolved into mutually
perpendicular forces called components. The
component of a force parallel to the X-axis is called
x-component, parallel to the y-component and so on.
Here,
• x-component of force F is Fcosθ.
• y-component of force F is F sinθ.
(ii) Contact and Non-contact Force The forces which act
on bodies when they are in physical contact are called
contact forces . e.g. muscular force, frictional force, etc.
A force which can be exerted by an object on another
object even from a distance (without physical contact
with each other) is called a non-contact force . e.g.
magnetic force, electrostatic force and gravitational
force.
NEWTON’S LAWS OF MOTION
Newton has given three laws of motion as below:
First Law
It states that every body continues in its state of rest or in
uniform motion in a straight line, unless it is compelled by
an external force to change that state.
First law is also called law of Galileo or law of inertia.
• The property of bodies by virtue of which they oppose
only change in their present state is called inertia.
• Mass is a measure of the inertia of a body.
O X
Y
R
u cos θ
v cos θ
u v
h
θ
u
sin
θ vsin
θ
θ
F cos θ
F
sin
θ F
--- PDF PAGE 788 ---
Here some practical examples are as follows in which first
law is used.
• Athlete runs some distance, before taking a long jump.
• A ball thrown upward in a train moving with uniform
velocity returns to the hand of thrower.
• The mud from the wheels of a moving vehicle flies-off
tangentially.
• When we shake the branch of a mango tree, the mangoes
fall down.
• A man jumping from a moving train may fall down.
• If a cloth placed under a book is given a sudden pull, it
comes out without disturbing the book.
• When a horse suddenly starts moving, the rider falls
backward.
• When a running horse suddenly stops, the rider falls
forwards.
• We hit a carpet with a stick to remove the dust.
Second Law
The rate of change of momentum of a body is directly
proportional to the applied force and takes place in the
direction in which the force acts. According to second law
F dp
dt
∝ or F k dp
dt
=
where, k is constant of proportionality
F k d
dt
= (mv) = kma
for simplicity let k = 1.
⇒ F ma=
1 newton = 105 dyne
• Newton’s second law gives the magnitude of force.
• Newton’s first law is contained in the second law.
Here some practical examples are as follows in which second
law is used.
• China wires are wrapped in straw or paper before
packing.
• A person falling on pucca floor (or frozen ice) is likely to
receive more injuries than one falling on kuccha floor
(loose earth).
• While catching a ball, a cricket player lowers his hands to
save himself from getting hurt.
• Bogies of the trains are provided with buffers to avoid
severe jerks during shunting of trains.
Third Law
According to this law, to every action there is an equal and
opposite reaction. ‘Action and reaction always act on the
different bodies.’ Here some practical examples are as
follows in which third law is used
• In order to walk, we press the ground in backward
direction with our feet. As a result, the ground pushes us
in forward direction.
• It is difficult to drive a nail into a wooden block
without holding the block.
• A jet plane moves on the principle of Newton’s third
law of motion. As exhaust gases come out from the
nozzle at a greater speed, the reaction of the same
moves the plane forwards.
Validity of Newton’s Laws of Motion
Newton’s laws are valid in classical physics only under
certain conditions
• In general, the distances which one work must be
much greater than the size of atoms and molecules.
Else, quantum mechanics must be used in place of
classical mechanics.
• In general, the speeds which one work with must be
much less than the speed of light. Else, relativistic
mechanics must be used in place of classical mechanics.
• Also, this is valid with respect to inertial frame of
reference only.
Linear Momentum
• The linear momentum of a body is defined as, the
product of its mass and its velocity i.e.
Momentum = Mass × Velocity, p m v= ×
• It’s direction is the same as the direction of velocity of
the body. It is a vector quantity. It’s SI unit is kg-m/s.
• Concept of momentum was introduced by Newton.
• A heavier body has a larger linear momentum than a
lighter body moving with the same velocity. i.e. In the
absence of external forces, the total momentum of the
system is conserved.
i.e. m v m v
1 1 2 2= [For single body]
and m u m u m v m v1 1 2 2 1 1 2 2+ = + [For two bodies]
Applications of Conservation of
Momentum
When a bullet is fired from a gun, the gun recoils or
gives a sharp pull in backward direction. While firing a
bullet, the gun must be held tight to the shoulder.
• When a man jump from a boat to the shore, the boat
slightly moves away from the shore.
• Rocket works on the principle of conservation of
momentum.
• If someone left on a frictionless floor desires to get out
of it, he can do so by blowing air out of his mouth.
Impulse
• An impulse is a large force acting on a body for a
short time to produce a finite change in momentum.
• Impulse = ×Force Time interval i.e. I F t= × ∆
It’s SI unit is N-s or kg-m/s
583GENERAL SCIENCE Physics