--- PAGE 1152 ---
The British Government has introduced a series of constitut ional reforms to regulate and control the affairs of India. T hese
constitutional reforms were guided towards ensuring respo nsible governance in India. The emergence of India as an
independent and sovereign democratic republic has its root s in the history of British rule in India.
The evolution of Indian Polity and Constitution can be bette r understood, only if we start with brief reviews of
constitutional development during British rule.
HISTORICAL BACKGROUND
• The very genesis of Indian Constitution can be traced from 17 73 as it was first constitutional intervention by British
Government to control and regulate the affairs of East India Company in India. British rule in India till 1858 was
basically that of the East India Company because after that B ritish Government took the governance of India in its
hands directly.
• With rising activities and responsibilities of company, ne ed was felt to regulate and control the affairs which resulte d in
various enactments by British Parliament.
• The period of British constitutional experiment in India ca n be divided into two phases for better understanding that is
constitutional experiments during the rule of East India Co mpany (1773-1857) and the constitutional experiments unde r
the British crown (1857-1947).
Constitutional Development Under East India Company
Regulating Act (1773)
• The Governor of Bengal was elevated to the position of the Gov ernor-General of Bengal.
• The Parliament got the right to intervene in the affairs of th e company. The dual government was abolished. A Supreme
Court was set-up at Calcutta headed by Elijah Impey.
947GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
Analysing the previous year question papers of CDS examination, the Polity section has a great relevance.
Around 14-16 questions are asked from this section. The topics which are asked include Fundamental
Rights, Executive, Legislative and Judiciary system of India, Panchayati Raj system, Important Articles,
Important Constitutional Amendment Acts, Schedules of the Constitution etc.
03
INDIAN□POLITY
--- PAGE 1153 ---
948 CDS Pathfinder
Pitts India Act (1784)
• The act established six commissioners for the
affairs of India. This body known as the
Board of Control was to exercise an effective
control over the Board of Directors, who
possessed the charge of the administration of
the company.
• The control of the Governor-General in
council over the presidencies of Madras and
Bombay was clearly defined and rendered
more effective.
The Charter Act (1793)
• The powers of Board of Control were
concentrated in the hands of the President,
who virtually became the Cabinet Minister
for India.
• The salaries of the members of the Board of
Control and that of the President were to be
drawn from the Indian exchequer.
The Charter Act (1813)
Asserted the crown’s sovereignty over British
India. Company’s monopoly overtrade
abolished except trade with China, allotted
money to promote education in Indian masses.
Christian missionaries were permitted.
The Charter Act (1833)
• The act abolished the trading activities of the
company and hence forth, it became a purely
administrative body.
• The Governor-General of Bengal was
designated as the Governor-General of India.
William Bentinck thus became the first
Governor-General of India.
• Abolition of the power of different
presidencies to make law for themselves and
giving power to the Governor-General in
council to make laws.
• In order to enable the council to discharge
the important functions efficiently, a new
member with expert knowledge of law was
added to it.
The Charter Act (1853)
• The number of directors were reduced and
the power of patronage was taken away
from them by instituting and open
competitive examination for the recruitment
of civil servants.
• The approval of the crown was made
necessary for all appointments of councillors,
both central and provincial.
Constitutional Development Under
British Crown
Government of India Act (1858)
• As a result of the Sepoy Mutiny, the power to govern was
transferred from the East India Company to the British crown .
• A post of Secretary of State (a member of British Council) for India
was created. He was assisted by a 15 Member Council (called In dian
Council). He was to exercise the powers of the crown.
• The Board of Control and the court of directors were abolishe d.
The Governor-General was given the title Viceroy. He repres ented
Secretary of State, who was assisted by an Executive Council which
consisted of high officials of the government.
• The viceroy’s status was reduced to a subordinate authority in
relation to the British Government in matters of policy as we ll as
execution of policy. He was aided by an Executive Council of 5
members, who were heads of different departments.
Indian Council Act (1861)
• Provincial Legislative Council members introduced. Counc il of
Governor was known as Imperial Legislative Council. Non-of ficial
(Indians) were added.
• Portfolio system was introduced. High Courts (1865) establ ished
(High Court Act, 1861). Indian Civil Service Act, 1861 was pa ssed.
Indian Council Act (1892)
• It provided for nomination of some non-official members to C entral
Legislative Council and Provincial Legislative Council.
• This act made the provision for election for filling the some
non-officials seats in central and provincial legislative councils for
the first time in the constitutional development of India.
Morley-Minto Reforms (1909)
• The Morley-Minto Reforms or the Indian Council Act, 1909.
Separate electorate for muslims was introduced.
• Direct election (non-official members who are directly ele cted). They
could discuss the budget and also cross questioning could be done.
• A bicameral legislature at the centre was provided. Dyarchy in the
provinces which unlike its dictionary meaning of two bodies :
Transferred and Reserved.
• Separate electorates were further extended to Sikh in the Pu njab and
non-Brahmins in Madras. Right to Vote for women was provided .
Government of India Act (1919)
• This is also known as Montague-Chelmsford Reforms , after the
secretary of state Edwin Montague and the Viceroy Chelmsfor d.
• The Executive Council was enlarged and Central Legislature was
thoroughly remodelled and made bicameral, two chambers bei ng the
Council of State and the Legislative Council.
• The legislature had virtually no control over the Viceroy an d his
Executive Council which the Central Government had unrestr icted
control over the Provincial Government. The Act introduced
dyarchy or dual government in the provinces.
--- PAGE 1154 ---
The Government of India Act (1935)
• The act provided for the establishment of an all India
Federation. It divided the powers into three lists
i. Federal List,
ii. Provincial List and
iii. Concurrent List
• Residuary powers were with the Governor-General.
• Act of 1935 introduced the provincial autonomy and
abolition of Dyarchy. The provincial legislatures were
made bicameral for the first time in 6 provinces (i.e.
Bengal, Madras, Bombay, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and
Assam).
The Indian Independence Act (1947)
• The act provided for setting up of two independent
dominions, to be known as India and Pakistan from 15th
August, 1947.
• The territories of the dominion of India would include
the whole British India exclusive of the territories
consisting Pakistan. The legislature of each dominion
would have full power to make laws for that dominion.
• With effect from 15th August, 1947, the British
Government would cease to have any responsibility for
the Government of British. India and all treaties and
agreements between his majesty’s government and the
rulers of Indian states.
• The two dominions as the provinces would be
governed as nearly as may be in accordance with the
Act of 1935.
• Provision was made for the division of the armed forces
and the civil services between the new dominions. Each
dominion would exercise authority over its armed and
civil services.
MAKING OF THE
CONSTITUTION
• The demand that India’s political destiny should be
determined by the Indians themselves had been put
forward by Mahatma Gandhi as early as in 1922. The
idea of a Constituent Assembly for India was put
forward for the first time by MN Roy in 1934.
• The demand for the Constituent Assembly was first
accepted by the British in August offer (1940). The
Constituent Assembly was set-up as per the Cabinet
Mission Plan of 1946. An interim government was
formed on September 1946 from the newly elected
Constituent Assembly. The first meeting was held on
9th December, 1946 with Sachidanand Sinha, as the
interim or provisional President. On 11th December,
1946, Dr Rajendra Prasad was elected as the President
of the Constituent Assembly.
Members of Interim Government
Viceroy and Governor-General of India Viscount Wavell
Vice-President Jawaharlal Nehru
Home Affairs, Information and
Broadcasting
Vallabhbhai Patel
Agriculture and Food Rajendra Prasad
Commerce Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar
(Muslim League)
Education and Arts C Rajagopalachari
Defence Baldev Singh
Finance Liquat Ali Khan (Muslim League)
Health Ghazanfar Ali Khan (Muslim
League)
Industries and Supplies John Mathai
Labour Jagjivan Ram
Law Jogendra Nath Mandal
(Muslim League)
Posts and Air Abdur Rab Nishtar (Muslim League)
Railways and Communication Asaf Ali
Work, Mines and Power CH Bhabhan
Drafting Committee
• On 29th August, 1947, the Constituent Assembly set-up a
Drafting Committee under the Chairmanship of
Dr BR Ambedkar to prepare a Draft Constitution for
India.
• The Constitution of India was adopted on 26th
November, 1949 and the honourable members appended
their signatures to it on that day. In all, 284 members
actually signed the Constitution. 26th November, 1949 is
also mentioned in the Preamble as the date on which the
people of India adopted, enacted and gave to themselves
the Constitution.
Constitution Committees and their Chairmen
Major Committees Chairmen
Drafting Committee Dr BR Ambedkar
Members
1. N Gopalaswami Ayyangar
2. AK Ayyar
3. KM Munshi
4. Mohammed Sadullah
5. BL Mittar
6. DP Khaitan
Union Power Committee Jawaharlal Nehru
Union Constitution Committee Jawaharlal Nehru
Provincial Constitution Committee Sardar Patel
Advisory Committee on Fundamental
Rights and Minorities, Tribal Affairs
Sardar Patel
Rules of Procedure Committee Dr Rajendra Prasad
States Committee Jawaharlal Nehru
Steering Committee Dr Rajendra Prasad
Special Committee to Examine the Draft
Constitution
Sir Alladi Krishna Swamy lyer
949GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1155 ---
950 CDS Pathfinder
Borrowed Features of the
Constitution of India
• From UK (England) Parliamentary System, Lower
House more powerful, Prime Minister, Cabinet System
of Ministers, Single Citizenship, Bicameral Parliament,
Provision of Speaker in Lok Sabha, Council of Ministers
responsible to Lower House, Nominal Head—President.
• From USA Written Constitution, Post of Vice-President,
Fundamental Rights, Supreme Court, Head of the State
known as President, Provision of States and Judicial
Review.
• From France Republic and ideals of liberty, equality
and faternity.
• From Australia Concurrent List, Centre-State
Relationship, Language of the Preamble.
• From USSR Fundamental Duties and Five Year Plan.
• From Germany Emergency provisions.
• From Japan Procedure established by law.
• From Canada Federal system and Residuary powers.
• From South Africa Procedure of Constitutional
Amendment.
• From Ireland Concept of Directive Principles of State
Policy (originally, it was borrowed from Spain).
Constitution at a Glance
Part Subject Matter Articles
Covered
I The Union and its Territory 1 to 4
II Citizenship 5 to 11
III Fundamental Rights 12 to 35
IV Directive Principles of State Policy 36 to 51
IV A Fundamental Duties 51 A
V The Union 52 to 151
Chapter I The Executive 52 to 78
Chapter II Parliament 79 to 122
Chapter III Legislative Powers of the President 123
Chapter IV The Union Judiciary 124 to 147
Chapter V Comptroller and Auditor General of
India
148 to 151
VI The States 152 to 237
Chapter I General 152
Chapter II The Executive 153 to 167
Chapter III The State Legislature 168 to 212
Chapter IV Legislative Powers of the Governors 213
Chapter V The High Courts 214 to 232
Chapter VI Subordinate Courts 233 to 237
VIII The Union Territories 239 to 242
IX The Panchayats 243 to 243-0
IX A The Municipalities 243 P to 243 ZG
IX B Cooperatives 243 ZG to
243ZT
X The Scheduled and the Tribal Areas 244 to 244 A
XI Relations between the Union and the States 245 to 263
Chapter I Legislative Relations 245 to 255
Chapter II Administrative Relations 256 to 263
XII Finance, Property, Contracts and Suits 264 to 300 A
Chapter I Finance 264 to 291
Chapter II Borrowing 292 to 293
Chapter III Property, Contracts, Rights
Liabilities, Obligations and Suits
294 to 300
Chapter IV Right to Property 300 A
XIII Trade, Commerce and Intercourse within the
Territory of India
301 to 307
XIV Services under the Union and the States 308 to 323
Chapter I Services 308 to 314
Chapter II Public Service Commission 315 to 323
XIVA Tribunals 323 A to 323 B
XV Elections 324 to 329 A
XVI Special Provisions Relating to Certain Classes 330 to 34 2
XVII Official Language 343 to 351
Chapter I Language of the Union 343 and 344
Chapter II Regional Languages 345 to 347
Chapter III Language of the Supreme Court, the
High Courts and so on
348 and 349
Chapter IV Special Directives 350 to 351
XVIII Emergency Provisions 352 to 360
XIX Miscellaneous 361 to 367
XX Amendments of the Constitution 368
XXI Temporary, Transitional and Special Provisions 369 to 3 92
XXII Short Title, Commencement, Authoritative Text in
Hindi and Repeals
393 to 395
/c238Part-VII (Article 238) deals with states was repealed in 1956 by
the 7th Constitutional Amendment Act.
Schedules in Constitution
First Schedule List of States and Union Territories.
Second Schedule Salary of President, Governors, Chief Judges,
Judges of High Court and Supreme Court,
Comptroller and Auditor General.
Third Schedule Forms of Oaths and Affirmations.
Fourth Schedule Allocate seats for each State of India in Rajya Sabha.
Fifth Schedule Administration and control of Scheduled Areas and
Tribes.
Sixth Schedule Provisions for administration of Tribal Area in Assam,
Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
Seventh Schedule Gives allocation of powers and functions between
Union and States. It contains three lists
1. Union List (for Central Govt.): 97 subjects
2. States List (Power of State Govt.): 66 subjects
3. Concurrent List (Both Union and States): 47
subjects
Eighth Schedule List of 22 languages of India recognised by
Constitution.
Ninth Schedule Added by 1st Amendment in 1951. Contains acts
and orders related to land tenure, land tax, railways
and industries.
Tenth Schedule Added by 52nd Amendment in 1985. Contains
provisions of disqualification on grounds of defection.
Eleventh
Schedule
By 73rd Amendment in 1992. Contains provisions of
Panchayati Raj.
Twelfth Schedule By 74th Amendment in 1992. Contains provisions of
Municipal Corporation.
--- PAGE 1156 ---
Salient Features of the
Constitution
The salient features of the Constitution, as it
stands today, are as follows :
i. Lengthiest Written Constitution The
Indian Constitution is the lengthiest in the
world. Originally, the Constitution had 395
Articles, 8 Schedules and 22 parts.
ii. Blend of Rigidity and Flexibility The
procedure of amendment of the Indian
Constitution is partly flexible and partly
rigid. Some provisions can be amended easily
and some provisions can only be amended by
passage in both Union Parliament and half of
the State Legislatures.
iii. Parliamentary Government India has a
parliamentary system of government both, at
the centre and in the states. The President is
the head of the Union of India and the
governors are head of the states. But they act
on the advice of the Council of Ministers.
They have nominal powers.
iv. Independent Judiciary There is a single,
integrated and unified judiciary in India. The
Supreme Court is the highest court of the
land. Both Supreme Court and high courts
have been given extensive powers to interpret
the Constitution and law under various
provisions of the Constitution of India.
v. Federal System with Unitary
Features Our Constitution contains federal
features of government like division of
powers, written Constitution, independent
judiciary and bicameralism but, also a large
number of unitary features like a strong
centre, single citizenship, flexibility of
Constitution, integrated judiciary emergency
provisions etc.
vi. Secular State The Indian Constitution
stands for a secular state i.e. all religions in
our country have the same right and support
from the state, it does not uphold any
particular religion as the official religion of the
Indian state.
vii. Universal Adult Franchise Every Indian
citizen (above 18 years) has a right to vote in
the elections without any discrimination of
caste, sex, relation etc.
viii. Emergency Provisions Indian Constitution
has special provisions to meet any
extraordinary situation or emergency. During
emergency the Central Government becomes
powerful and state comes under the total
control of it. During emergency our federal
system becomes unitary without any
amendment of the Constitution.
National Symbols
National Flag It was designed by Pingali Venkayya of Andhra
Pradesh. On 22nd July, 1947 , it was adopted by Constituent
Assembly. It follows 3 : 2 ratio between length and breadth of
the flag. It has three colours saffron, white and green. Midd le
portion has Ashoka Chakra, in blue with 24 spokes.
National Emblem It has been taken from the Sarnath (Varanasi)
Pillar of Ashoka and on 26th January, 1950. It was adopted by
Government of India. The word Satyameva Jayate which was
written at the base in Devanagari script (taken from Mundaka
Upanishad) is the National Motto of India.
National Anthem It was written by Rabindra Nath Tagore . Its
recitation period is 52 seconds. First time it was sung in Cal cutta
Congress Session on 27th December, 1911 . On 24th January,
1950, Constituent Assembly adopted it ( Jan Gan Man ).
National Song Vandemataram taken from Bankim Chandra
Chatterji’s work Anandmath, was officially adopted on 24th
January, 1950. It was sung for the first time as Kolkata sessi on of
Congress in 1896.
National Calendar Based on the Saka Era, Chaitra is its first
month and a normal year of 365 days along with the Gregorian
calendar. It was adopted by the Central Government on 22nd
March, 1957.
National Animal It is tiger. It has eight species around the world
and Indian species is known as Royal Bengal Tiger. The
majestic tiger ( Panthera Tigris ) is the National Animal of India.
National Bird Indian peacock ( Pavo Cristatus ). It is fully protected
under the Indian Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.
The Preamble
• The Preamble means introduction or preface of the Constitut ion
or essence of the Constitution.
• The Preamble of the Indian Constitution is based on the
Objectives Resolution drafted and moved by Pandit Nehru and
adopted by the Constituent Assembly.
• The idea of justice, social, economic and political have bee n taken
from the Russian Revolution (1917).
• The idea of liberty, equality and fraternity have been taken from
the French Revolution (1789-1799).
Preamble of India
We, the People of India , having solemnly resolved to constitute
India into a sovereign socialist, secular, democratic, rep ublic and
secure to all its citizens.
Justice, social, economic and political.
Liberty of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship.
Equality of status and of opportunity and to promote among them all.
Fraternity assuring the dignity of the individual and the unity and
integrity of the nation.
In our Constituent Assembly on this 26th day of November, 1949, do
hereby adopt, enact and give to ourselves this Constitution .
951GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1157 ---
952 CDS Pathfinder
Amendability of the Preamble
• Whether, the Preamble can be amended under
Article 368 or not, this question arose for the first
time in Keshavananda Bharati Case (1973). In this
case, Supreme Court held that Preamble is the part
of the Constitution and can be amended, subject to
the condition that no amendment is done to the
basic features of the Constitution.
• The Preamble has been amended only once so far,
in 1976, by 42nd Constitutional Amendment Act,
which added three new words Socialist, Secular and
Integrity. This amendment was held to be valid.
IMPORTANT PROVISIONS
OF THE CONSTITUTION
The Union and its Territories
Article 1 to 4 under part-1 of the Constitution deal
with the Union and its Territory.
• Article 1 Deals with name and territory of the
Union. It describes India, that is Bharat as Union
of States. The Territory of India includes territories
of states, union territories and territories that may
be acquired by the Government of India at any
time.
• Article 2 Admission or establishment of new states.
• Article 3 Formation of new states and alteration of
areas, boundaries or names of the existing states.
• Article 4 Laws made under Articles 2 and 3 to
provide for the amendment of the first and the
fourth schedules and supplemental, incidental and
consequential matters.
Reorganisation of State
• In 1953, State Reorganisation Commission was
set-up under the Chairmanship of Fazl Ali, HN
Kanzu and KN Panikkar were the other two
members of the commission. It suggested the
reorganisation of 27 States of various categories in
16 States and 3 Union Territories.
• The State Reorganisation Act, 1956 was passed by
Parliament as a result 14 States and 6 Union
Territories were created on 1st November, 1956.
New Sates UT’s Created After, 1956
Maharashtra and Gujarat 1960, Dadra and Nagar
Haveli 1961, Goa, Daman and Diu 1961, Pondicherry
1962, Nagaland 1963, Haryana, Chandigarh 1966,
Himachal 1971, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya 1972,
Sikkim 1975, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Goa
1987, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand 2000 and
Telangana 2014.
CITIZENSHIP
The Constitution of India provides for single citizenship. There
is no separate citizenship of state. According to the
Constitution, the following three categories of persons ar e
entitled to citizenship
i. Persons domiciled in India.
ii. Refugees, who migrated to India from Pakistan.
iii. Indians living in other countries.
• Article 5 Citizenship at the commencement of the
Constitution.
• Article 6 Rights of Citizenship of certain persons, who have
migrated to India from Pakistan.
• Article 7 Rights of Citizenship of certain migrants to
Pakistan.
• Article 8 Rights of Citizenship of certain persons of Indian
origin residing outside India.
• Article 9 Persons voluntarily acquiring Citizenship of a
Foreign State not to be citizens.
• Article 10 Continuance of the Rights of Citizenship.
• Article 11 Parliament to regulate the Right of Citizenship
by Law.
Acquisition of Citizenship
The act provides for the acquisition of Indian citizenship a fter
the commencement of the Constitution in five ways, i.e. birt h,
descent registration, naturalisation and incorporation o f
territory.
By Birth
Every person born in India on or after 26th January, 1950 shal l
be a citizen of India by law of soil, provided either or both of
his/her parents are citizens of India at the time of his/her b irth.
But this law does not apply where his/her father is a diplomat
of any other country or is an enemy alien at the time of
his/her birth.
By Descent
Broadly, a person born outside India on or after 26th January ,
1950, is a citizen of India by descent if his/her either of the
parents is a citizen of India at the time of that person’s birt h.
By Registration
The prescribed authority may, on application, register as a
citizen of India, any person who is not a citizen by virtue of
Constitution or the provisions of the Citizenship Act.
This mode of acquiring citizenship is available to any of the
following categories :
• Persons of Indian origin who are ordinarily resident in Indi a
for 7 years immediately before making an application for
registration.
• Persons of Indian origin who are ordinarily resident in any
country or place outside undivided India.
• Women who are or have been married to citizens of India.
Minor children of persons who are citizens of India.
--- PAGE 1158 ---
By Naturalisation
• Citizenship by naturalisation can be acquired by
making an application in the prescribed manner.
The qualifications for naturalisation are as
follows :
– He must be a person of full age and capacity.
– He must not be a citizen of a country where
Indian citizens are prevented from becoming
citizens by naturalisation. He has renounced
the citizenship of the other country.
– He has either resided in India or has been in
Government service for 12 months before the
date of making the application for
naturalisation or during 7 years prior to these
12 months, he has resided or has been in the
Government service for not less than 4 years.
– He must take an oath of allegiance.
– He is of a good character.
– He has an adequate knowledge of a language
recognised in the eight schedule to the
Constitution.
By Incorporation of Territories
If any new territory becomes a part of India, after a
popular verdict, the Government of India shall
specify the person of that territory to be the citizen
of India.
Loss of Citizenship
The Citizenship Act, 1955 also lays down three
modes by which an Indian citizen may lose his/ her
citizenship. These are renunciation, termination and
deprivation
Renunciation It is a voluntary act by which a
person, after acquiring the citizenship of
another country, gives up his Indian
citizenship. This provision is subject to certain
conditions.
Termination Takes place by operation of law
when an Indian citizen voluntarily acquires the
citizenship of another country. He
automatically ceases to be an Indian citizen
(Article 9).
Deprivation It is a compulsory termination of the
citizenship of India obtained by registration or
naturalisation, by the Government of India, on
charges of using fraudulent means to acquire
citizenship.
Overseas Citizen of India
• Government of India recognises those person and provide the m
overseas citizen of Indian card, who have following credentials
– Who are now citizen of another country but was citizen of
India at time of or at any time after commencement of
Constitution.
– Who were citizen of other country but were eligible to
become citizen of India at time of commencement of
Constitution.
– Who is citizen of another country but belonged to a territory
that became part of India.
– Child/grand child/ great grand child of the above such
citizens. Person of Pakistan and Bangladesh can’t get an OCI .
Recently, government has merged people of Indian origin car d
with overseas citizen card.
Non-Resident Indian
• A citizen of India, having Indian passport and staying
temporarily in another country for purpose of employment,
education for more than 6 months.
• NRIs whether they have acquired citizenship of other countr ies
or not are eligible to vote. Eligible NRIs have to register by
filling up form 6-A with electoral registration office. The y must
be physically present in their place of origin to exercise th eir
franchise.
Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas
• It is celebrated on 9th January every year to recognise
contribution of overseas Indian community in the developme nt
of India. 9th January is selected because on this date, Mahat ma
Gandhi returned to India from South Africa. This celebratio n
provide opportunity to overseas citizen to interact with
government and people of their homeland. Pravasi Bharatiya
Diwas started from year 2003.
• The 14th Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas was held on 9th January,
2017 in Bengaluru (Karnataka). The event was attended by
Portugal Prime Minister, Dr. Antonio Costa. The theme of thi s
edition is “Redefining Engagement with the Indian Diaspora ”.
The Citizenship (Amendment)
Bill, 2015
• Parliament of India passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bil l,
2015 on 9th January, 2015 to bring parity between provisions
for Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) and Overseas Citizens of
Indian (OCI) cardholders.
• Now, the benefits under the PIO scheme would be extended to
OCI cardholders with recognition granted to their great gra nd
children which was earlier limited to grand children.
953GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1159 ---
954 CDS Pathfinder
FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS
• The Fundamental Rights have been described in
Articles 12 to 35, Part III of Indian Constitution.
• Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles have a
common origin. Nehru Report 1928 incorporated some
Fundamental Rights. The framers of Constitution
derived inspiration from the Constitution of USA i.e.
Bill of Rights . Part III of Constitution is rightly
described as Magna Carta of India.
– Article 12 Definition of ‘State’.
– Article 13 Laws inconsistent with or in derogation
of the Fundamental Rights.
Originally Fundamental Rights were seven in numbers viz
i. Right to Equality
ii. Right to Freedom
iii. Right against Exploitation
iv. Right to Freedom of Religion
v. Cultural and Educational Rights
vi. Right to Constitutional Remedies
vii. Right to Property
Right to Equality (Articles 14 to 18)
• Article 14 Equality before law and equal protection of
law.
• Article 15 Social Equality It prohibits discrimination
only on the ground of religion, race, sex, caste, place or
birth.
• Article 16 It entails to equality of opportunity in the
matter of public employment.
• Article 17 It deals with the abolition of untouchability.
• Article 18 It deals with abolition of titles. Except
military and academic.
Right to Freedom (Articles 19 to 22)
• Article 19 It guarantees freedom to the citizen of
India. Following six fundamental freedoms are as follow
i. Freedom of speech and expression (freedom of
press, media).
ii. To assemble peacefully and without arms.
iii. To form association or unions.
iv. To move freely throughout the territory of India.
v. To reside and settle in any part of the territory
of India.
vi. Freedom to choose any profession and business.
• Article 20 It gives protection in respect of conviction
for offences.
• Article 21 It gives protection of life and personal
liberty to both citizens and non-citizens. Articles 20
and 21 remain in force even during emergency.
• Article 21 (A) Right to education from age 6 to 14 years
was made a Fundamental Right by 86th Amendment,
2002.
• Article 22 It entails protection against arrest and
detention in certain cases. This right is not available to an
enemy alien and a person arrested or detained under a law
providing preventive detention (detention of a person
without trial).
Right Against Exploitation
(Articles 23 and 24)
• Article 23 It entails prohibition of traffic in human
beings and bonded labour, forced labour.
• Article 24 No child below the age of 14 can be employed
in factories or mines or in hazardous employment.
Right to Freedom of Religion
(Articles 25 to 28)
• Article 25 Freedom of conscience and free profession,
practice and propagation of religion.
• Article 26 Freedom to manage religious affairs.
• Article 27 Freedom as to payment of taxes for
promotion of any particular religion.
• Article 28 It prohibits any religious instruction in
educational institutions wholly maintained by state funds .
In other instructions aided and recognised by the state,
every person will be free not to participate in religious
instruction or worship.
Cultural and Educational Rights
(Articles 29 to 30)
• Article 29 It allows every community to conserve its
distinct language, script or culture. It also bars disallow ing
a citizen admission to any educational institution
maintained or aided by the state only on grounds of
religion, race, caste or language.
• Article 30 Right of minorities to establish and administer
educational institutions.
Right to Property (Article 31)
• Article 31 Right to property, repealed by the 44th
Amendment Act, 1978. Now, it is only a legal right.
Right to Constitutional Remedies
(Article 32)
• Article 32 It provides the right to the citizens to move to
the Supreme Court by appropriate proceedings for the
enforcement of the Fundamental Rights and it empowers
the Supreme Court to issue directions or writs for the
enforcement of the Fundamental Rights.
• The writs include Habeas, Corpus, Mandamus,
Prohibition, Quo-waranto and Certiorari, Dr BR
Ambedkar termed the Right to Constitutional Remedies
as the heart and soul of the Constitution.
--- PAGE 1160 ---
Forms of Writs
Habeas Corpus
• It literally means ‘have the body’ i.e. to be produced
before the court.
• This kind of writ is issued to protect personal liberty
of an individual against the arbitrary action of both
the state and private individuals. The aggrieved person
can even claim for compensation against such action.
Mandamus
• It literally means ‘command’.
• This kind of writ is issued against a public authority
or an officer and inferior courts for compelling the
authority to do a particular work that it ought to do
but has not done. This writ cannot be issued against
the President and the Governors. Private rights cannot
be enforced by the writ of the Mandamus.
Prohibition
• It means ‘to forbid’.
• This kind of writ is issued by the higher courts to the
lower courts or the quasi-judicial bodies when the
latter exceed their judicial authority.
• The objective is to keep the inferior courts or the
quasi-judicial bodies within the limits of their
respective jurisdiction.
• The difference between ‘Mandamus’ and ‘Prohibition’
is that while the former can be issued against judicial
as well as administrative authorities, the latter is
issued only against the judicial or quasi-judicial
authorities.
Certiorari
• It means ‘to be certified’.
• This writ is issued to quash the order of a lower
court or the decision of a tribunal in excess of its
jurisdiction. The purpose of this writ is to secure that
the jurisdiction of an inferior court or tribunal is
properly exercised and that it does not usurp the
jurisdiction, it does not possess.
Quo Warranto
• It literally means ‘by what authority or warrent’.
• This kind of writ is issued to ensure that the person
holding a public office is qualified to hold the office.
• Besides the normal writs issued on violation of
Fundamental Rights, there has been a progressive
strengthening of the Fundamental Rights by the
judiciary.
/c238
The□principle□of□‘Locus Standi’□applies□only□to□the□writs□of
Mandamus,□Prohibition,□Certiorari□i.e. only□aggrieved
person□is□entitled□to□seek□these□writs.
Suspension of Fundamental
Rights
• The Constitution contains provisions for automatic
suspension of the Fundamental Rights under certain
circumstances, e.g. during the National Emergency under
Article 352 (i.e. war or external aggression).
• Under Article 358 , when National Emergency is
proclaimed on the grounds of war or external aggression
(and not armed rebellion), the Fundamental Rights under
Article 19 are automatically suspended.
• The Constitution empowers the President, under
Article 359 to suspend any or all the Fundamental Rights
by issuing a separate proclamation during a National
Emergency. The 44th Amendment Act, 1978 prohibits the
suspension of Articles 20 and 21 (protection in respect of
conviction for offences and protection of life and personal
liberty, respectively) even during a National Emergency.
DIRECTIVE PRINCIPLES OF
STATE POLICY (DPSP)
• Dr BR Ambedkar described the DPSPs as ‘novel feature of
the Constitution’. DPSPs are constitutional instructions or
guidelines to state in the legislative, executive and
administrative affairs. It provides the social and economi c
base of a genuine democracy. Granville–Austin has
described the “FR’s and DPSP as conscience of
Constitution’’.
• The purpose of directive principles of state policy is to lay
down positive instructions which would guide state policy
at all levels.
• However, on the basis of their content and direction, they
can be classified into three broad viz socio-economic
principles, Gandhian and liberal principles.
Socio-Economic Principles
(Articles 38 and 39)
• To provide adequate means of livelihood.
• To prevent concentration of wealth and means of wealth
and material resources.
• To secure equal pay for equal work for both men and
women.
• To ensure a decent standard of living and leisure for all
workers.
• To provide necessary opportunities and facilities to child ren
and youth to prevent their exploitation.
• To make efforts to secure the right to work, education and
public assistance in case of unemployment, sickness, old
age etc.
955GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1161 ---
956 CDS Pathfinder
Gandhian Principles
• Article 40 The establishment of village
panchayats and make them powerful
enough to function as a units of
self-government.
• Article 43 To promote cottage
industries.
• Article 45 State shall endeavour to
provide early childhood care and
education for all children until they
complete the age of 6 years.
• Article 46 The promotion of educational
and economic interest of weaker sections.
• Article 47 The prohibition of
intoxicating drugs and drinks.
• Article 48 Prevention of the slaughter of
cows and other milk cattle.
Western Liberal
Principles
• Article 39 A equal opportunity for
justice and free legal aid.
• Article 43 A Securing the participation
of workers in the management of
industries.
• Article 44 A Uniform civil code.
• Article 45 Provision for free and
compulsory education for children.
• Article 46 Promotion of educational and
economic interests of Scheduled Castes,
Scheduled Tribes and other weaker
sections.
• Article 47 Duty of the state to raise the
level of nutrition and the standard of
living and to improve public health.
• Article 48 Organisation of agriculture
and animal husbandry.
• Article 48A Protection and
improvement of environment and
safeguarding of forests and wildlife.
• Article 49 Protection of monuments and
places and objects of national
importance.
• Article 50 Separation of judiciary from
executive.
• Article 51 Promotion of international
peace and security.
Difference between Fundamental Rights
and Directive Principles
Fundamental Rights Directive Principles of State Policy
The democratic political system has been
established by providing the FRs.
The economic welfare of the state is established
by the implementation of the DPSPs.
FRs are subject to court of law at any point
of time if anybody feels that his FR are
being violated.
While DPSPs are not enforceable by the court of
law.
FRs can be suspended except the right
mentioned in Articles 20 and 22 during
emergency.
DPSP can never be suspended under any
condition.
FRS are assumed negatively sometimes,
because of their restrictive attitudes
towards the states.
DPSP are always affirmative because they
direct the states for definite activity.
The Fundamental Rights are a bit limited in
its scope.
While, the scope of Directive Principle of State
policy is endless. In DPSP, the political
administrative, economic and subjects like
international peace are also included.
FUNDAMENTAL DUTIES
(ARTICLE 51 A)
• The Fundamental Duties in the Constitution serve as a remind er to the
citizens that while enjoying their rights, they should also be conscious
of their duties towards the country. Formed on the recommend ation of
Swarn Singh committee.
• They were added by 42nd Amendment Act, 1976 under Article 51 A . It
contains the duties of the citizens. They are as follow
– To abide by the Constitution and respect its ideals and insti tutions,
the National Flag and the National Anthem .
– To cherish and follow the noble ideals which inspired our nat ional
struggle for freedom.
– To uphold and protect the sovereignty, unity and integrity o f India.
– To defend the country and render national service when calle d upon
to do so.
– To promote harmony and the spirit of common brotherhood amon gst
all the people of India transcending religious, linguistic and regional or
sectional diversities; to renounce practices derogatory t o the dignity of
women.
– To value and preserve the rich heritage of our composite cult ure.
– To protect and improve the natural environment including fo rests,
lakes, rivers and wildlife and to have compassion for living creatures.
– To develop the scientific temper, humanism and the spirit of inquiry
and reform.
– To strive towards excellence in all spheres of individual an d collective
activity so that the nation constantly rise to higher level o f endevour
and achievement.
– To safeguard public property and to abjure violence.
– For every citizen who is a parent or guardian, to provide
opportunities for education to his child or as the case may be ward
between the age of 6 and 14 years (86th Constutional Amendmen t).
--- PAGE 1162 ---
THE UNION EXECUTIVE
It deals with Union Government. It consists of the
President, the Vice-President and the Council of Ministers
headed by Prime Minister to aid and advise the President.
The President (Articles 52 to 78)
The President of India is the highest executive authority.
The Constitution vests in him all the executive powers of
Union. All executive actions are taken on his name. He is
the head of the state and represents the Republic of India
and he is the first citizen of India.
Qualifications
Article 58 deals with the qualification of a person to be
the President of India.
• Must be a citizen of India.
• Should have completed the age of 35 years.
• Should not hold any office of profit under the
government.
• He should be qualified to become a member of the
Lok Sabha.
Election (Articles 54, 55 and 71)
• The President of India is not directly elected by the
people, but by the members of electoral college
consisting of
– the elected members of both the Houses of Parliament.
– the elected members of the Legislative Assemblies of
the State.
– the elected members of the Legislative Assemblies of
Delhi and Puducherry.
• Nominated members do not take part in the election of
the President.
• Election is held through the system of proportional
representation by means of the single transferable vote
by secret ballot. The candidate who gets minimum 50%
of votes, is considered elected.
• States have different representation in the presidential
election depending on the population and the number of
elected members of Legislative Assembly.
• Value of vote of an MLA = (State population ÷ Total
numbers of elected MLAs) × 1000.
• Value of vote of an MP = Total value of MLAs of all
states ÷ Total number of elected MPs (Lok Sabha and
Rajya Sabha).
This formula secures the uniformity between all the states
on one hand and the Parliament on the other.
• Only Supreme Court enquires all disputes regarding
presidential election.
• President takes oath in presence of Chief Justice of India
and in his absence, the seniormost judge of Supreme
Court administers oath to the President.
Term of Office and Salary
Tenure Under Article 56, the Presidents shall hold the
office for 5 years. There is no limit, as to how many times
a person can become President. He can give his resignation
to the Vice-President before the full term completes. The
President may be removed from office before the expiry of
his tenure through a special procedure called Impeachment.
On 11th September, 2008, the Government of India
increased the salary of the President to 1.5 lakh.
Presidents of India
Tenure
Name From To
Dr Rajendra Prasad 26.01.1950 13.05.1962
Dr S Radhakrishnan 13.05.1962 13.05.1967
Dr Zakir Hussain 13.05.1967 03.05.1969
V V Giri (Vice-President) 03.05.1969 20.07.1969
Justice M Hidayatullah 20.07.1969 24.08.1969
V V Giri 24.08.1969 24.08.1974
F Ali Ahmed 24.08.1974 11.02.1977
BD Jatti 11.02.1977 25.02.1977
N Sanjeeva Reddy 25.07.1977 25.07.1982
Giani Zail Singh 25.07.1982 25.07.1987
R Venkataraman 25.07.1987 25.07.1992
Dr SD Sharma 25.07.1992 25.07.1997
KR Narayanan 25.07.1997 25.07.2002
Dr APJ Abdul Kalam 25.07.2002 25.07.2007
Mrs Pratibha Patil 25.07.2007 25.07.2012
Shri Pranab Mukherjee 25.07.2012 25.07.2017
Ram Nath Kovind 25.7.2017 Till Date
Impeachment
Article 61 The President can be impeached only on the
ground of violation of the Constitution.
• The procedure for impeachment can be initiated in either
house of Parliament.
• The charges are contained in a notice which has to be
signed by atleast one-fourth of the total members of that
houses. Notice is sent to the President before 14 days.
• Impeachment procedure is quasi-judicial in nature
because after resolution to this effect is passed by the
two-third majority. The other house can set-up a
committee to investigate the charges against President.
• President can defend himself by taking service of
Attorney General of India or any other lawyer.
Vacancy (Article 62)
• In the case of vacant seat due to any reason e.g. death,
resignation or removal then the Vice-President acts as the
President, if he is not available the Chief Justice of India,
if not then the seniormost Judge of Supreme Court.
• The election is to be held within 6 months for the
vacancy.
957GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1163 ---
958 CDS Pathfinder
Powers and Functions (Article 77)
• The President has a very important role in our
democracy. He has vast powers to be exercised during
normal time as well as during emergency period.
• These powers however are actually exercised by the
Prime Minister and the Council of Ministers.
Executive Powers of President
• He appoints Prime Minister who enjoys the support of
the majority in the Lok Sabha, appoints the members for
the Council of Ministers and distributes portfolios
among them on the advice of the Prime Minister.
• He appoints Chief Justice and judges of Supreme Court
and High Court, Chairman and Members of UPSC,
CAG, Attorney General, Chief Election Commissioner
and other members of Election Commission, Governors,
members of Finance Commission, Ambassadors etc.
• He can seek any information relating to the
administration of affairs of the Union and the proposal
for legislation from the Prime Minister.
Legislative Powers
• The President of India is an integral part of the
Parliament. Though legislation is the primary
responsibility of Parliament.
The President has the right to influence the legislative
process in following ways
– The summoning dissolution and propogation of Lok
Sabha.
– Right of President to address and he can also summon
a joint sitting of both the House of Parliament, which
is presided over by the Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
– Nomination of the members of Parliament (12
members to Rajya Sabha from amongst person having
special knowledge or practical experience in literature,
science, art and social services and 2 members from
Anglo-Indian community in Lok Sabha).
– Laying down some reports at the floor of the
Parliament.
– Prior consent on some bills. (e.g. Money Bill)
– Article 123 of the Constitution empower the President
to promulgate ordinances during the recess of
Parliament. These ordinance have the same force and
effect as and act of Parliament, but are in the nature of
temporary laws.
Judicial Powers (Article 72)
President can grant pardon or reduce the sentence of any
convicted person under central laws.
Various Pardoning Power of the President
(Article 72)
Pardon It removes both the sentences and the conviction
and completely absolves the offender from all
punishments and disqualifications.
Reprieve It means a stay of execution of sentence pending
a processing pro pardon or commutation.
Remission The power of remission reduces the amount of
sentence without changing its character. e.g. a sentence
of rigorous imprisonment for two years may be
remitted to rigorous imprisonment for 1 year.
Respite The power to grant respite means awarding a lesser
sentence instead of the prescribed penalty in view of
some special facts. e.g. pregnancy of woman offender.
Commutation It merely substitutes one form of the
punishment for another of a lighter character. e.g. a
death sentence may be commuted to rigorous
imprisonment.
Financial Powers
• All Money Bills can originate in Parliament only on the
recommendation of the President.
• Appointment of Finance Commissioner every 5th year.
• Can make advances out of the Contingency Fund of
India to meet any unforseen expenditure.
Diplomatic Powers
All kinds of international treaties and agreements
concluded on his behalf.
• He represents country on the international forum.
• He sends ambassadors and receives diplomats.
Military Powers (Article 53)
He is the Supreme Commander of armed forces. He
appoints the chiefs of army, navy and airforce staff. He
declares wars or conclude peace subject to approval of
Parliament.
Emergency Powers
The President of India can proclaim emergency in three
conditions after getting the written recommendation of the
Cabinet, which are as follow
National Emergency (Article 352) arising out of war,
external aggression or armed rebellion within the
country.
Constitutional Emergency (Article 356) arising out of the
failure of the constitutional machinery in the states. It
is also known as President’s Rule.
Financial Emergency (Article 360) arising out of a threat
to financial stability or credit of India.
Discretionary Powers
• The President of India almost always acts on the aid and
advice of the Council of Ministers except under the
following circumstances where he/she acts on his/her
discretion
– In appointing the Prime Minister from among the
contenders when no single party attains majority after
elections to the Lok Sabha.
--- PAGE 1164 ---
– President can refer a decision of an individual
minister for the collective consideration of Council
of Ministers.
– When the Houses of the Parliament do not meet
regularly, the President may act in his/her
discretion and summon both the Houses of the
Parliament.
– While exercising a pocket veto.
– Can return the advice of the Council of Ministers
once for its reconsideration.
– Can return the bill passed by the Parliament once for
its reconsideration.
Veto Powers
The President enjoys three veto powers which he/she
can use to deny the execution of an action
recommended by Parliament. They are as follows :
Absolute Veto When a Bill other than a Money Bill
passed by Parliament, the President may decline to
give assent to the Bill altogether.
Suspensive Veto When a Bill other than a Money Bill
is passed by Parliament and the President may
resend the Bill to Parliament for further
consideration with a message to amend certain
provisions of a Bill. However, if the Parliament
passes it again with or without amendment, the
President is bound to give assent on it.
Pocket Veto This veto power is used when the
President feels that the party in power is likely to
face destability and may disincline to assent to a
Bill passed and neither communicate it to the
Council of Ministers nor send it back for
Parliament for reconsideration. The Bill lies in
President’s office for an indefinite period. In case
of a Money Bill the President may assent to it or
decline to do so but cannot send it back to
Parliament. In case of Constitutional Amendment
Bills, the President is bound to give his/her assent
to it e.g. APJ Abdul Kalam with holding Office of
Profit Bill.
IMPORTANT FACTS
● Presidents who died on their posts—Zakir Hussain
and Fakruddin Ali Ahmed.
● Only President elected unopposed— Neelam
Sanjeeva Reddy.
● President who served as Speaker of Lok Sabha
before becoming President—Neelam Sanjeeva
Reddy.
● Only Chief Justice who acted as President—Justice
Hidayatullah.
● Only President who was elected twice—Dr
Rajendra Prasad.
The Vice-President
• As per the Article 63 , there shall be a Vice-President of
India. He occupies the second highest office in the country.
• In absence or illness of the President, the Vice-President
performs the functions of the President. If the President
resigns or dies, the Vice-President officiates as a Preside nt,
till a new President is elected.
Election
• The Vice-President is elected by an ‘ Electoral College ’
constituted by the members of both Houses of the
Parliament in accordance with the system of proportional
representation by means of single transferable vote and the
vote being secret.
• Nominated members also participate in the election.
Supreme Court enquires all disputes regarding
Vice-President election.
Qualifications
• Must be a citizen of India.
• Should have completed the age of 35 years.
• Must be eligible to become a member of Rajya Sabha.
• Must not hold any government post.
Terms and Functions
• He is elected for 5 years and can be re-elected.
• He is the ex-officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha.
• All bills, resolution, motion can be taken in Rajya Sabha
after his consent.
Removal
• The Vice-President can be removed from his office by a
resolution of the Rajya Sabha passed by a majority of all
the then members of the Rajya Sabha and agreed to by the
House of People (Lok Sabha). Regarding Vice-President,
there is no formal impeachment.
• The Vice-President may also resign from his office by
writing to the President.
Vice-Presidents of India
Vice-President Tenure
Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan 1952-1962
Dr Zakir Hussain 1962-1967
Varahagiri Venkatagiri 1967-1969
Gopal Swarup Pathak 1969-1974
BD Jatti 1974-1979
Justice Mohammed Hidayatullah 1979-1984
R Venkataraman 1984-1987
Dr Shanker Dayal Sharma 1987-1992
KR Narayanan 1992-1997
Krishan Kant (Died) 1997-2002
Bhairon Singh Shekhawat 2002-2007
Mohammed Hamid Ansari 2007-2017
M. Venkaiah Naidu 2017 till date
959GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1165 ---
960 CDS Pathfinder
Council of Ministers
• Council of Ministers is formed as soon as Prime Minister
is sworn in. Only Prime Minister alone can constitute
Council of Ministers. After 91st Amendment Act, 2003,
Article 75(1)(A) states that, strength of Union Council of
Ministers shall not be more than 15% of total strength of
the Lok Sabha.
• The Council of Ministers consist of three categories of
Minister namely; Cabinet Minister, Ministers of State and
Deputy Ministers.
• The Council of Ministers shall be collectively responsible
to the House of People. There are three types of
Ministers
i. Cabinet Ministers They are incharge of important
portfolios. They are the real policy makers. The
cabinet meetings are not attended by other
ministers.
ii. Minister of State One, who hold independent
charge of some ministries or are placed under a
Cabinet Minister.
iii. Deputy Ministers One, who assist Cabinet
Ministers and Ministers of States.
• A person can remain a minister without being a member
of either house maximum upto 6 months.
The Prime Minister
• The position of Prime Minister in the Council of
Minister is described as ‘Primus Inter Pares’ i.e. first
among the equals. He is the real executive as President is
nominal executive.
• The Prime Minister is the head of the Union
Government. All the executive powers of the Central
Government are formally vested with the President of
India, but these powers are actually exercised by the
Council of Ministers under the leadership of the Prime
Minister.
• The Prime Minister is appointed by the President.
[Article 75]
• Prime Minister allocates portfolios among the ministers
and he also can drop any minister.
• The Prime Minister is the chairperson of the Planning
Commission.
• The Prime Minister, who is not a member of Parliament
has to acquire its membership within 6 months of his
appointment.
• Even a Rajya Sabha member can become a Prime
Minister.
Prime Ministers of India
Name
Tenure
From To
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru 15.08.1947 27.05.1964
Gulzari Lal Nanda 27.05.1964 09.06.1964
Lal Bahadur Shastri 09.06.1964 11.01.1966
Gulzari Lal Nanda 11.01.1966 24.01.1966
Indira Gandhi 24.01.1966 24.03.1977
Morarji Desai 24.03.1977 28.07.1979
Charan Singh 28.07.1979 14.01.1980
Indira Gandhi 14.01.1980 31.10.1984
Rajiv Gandhi 31.10.1984 01.12.1989
VP Singh 21.12.1989 10.11.1990
Chandra Shekhar 10.01.1990 21.06.1991
PV Narsimha Rao 21.06.1991 16.05.1996
Atal Bihari Vajpayee 16.05.1996 01.06.1996
HD Deve Gowda 01.06.1996 21.04.1997
I K Gujral 21.04.1997 19.03.1998
Atal Bihari Vajpayee 19.03.1998 13.10.1999
Atal Bihari Vajpayee 13.10.1999 22.05.2004
Dr Manmohan Singh 22.05.2004 25.05.2014
Narendra Modi 26.5.2014 Till date
Powers and Functions
• In Relation to the Council of Ministers If a
difference in opinion arises between the Prime Minister
and any of his subordinate ministers, he can ask the
minister to resign or can advise President to dismiss
him.
• In Relation of President Regarding the appointment
of important officials like Attorney General of India,
CAG, Chairman of UPSC, EC, Chairman of Finance
Commission, etc the Prime Minister can advice the
President.
• He advises the President with regard to summoning and
proroguing of the sessions of the Parliament.
• He can recommend dissolution of Lok Sabha to
President at any time.
Deputy Prime Minister
There is no mention of Deputy Prime Minister in the
Constitution. Deputy Prime Minister is appointed mostly
due to political compulsion. Sardar Patel was the first
Deputy Prime Minister during Prime Minister Nehru’s
time. Morarji Desai, Charan Singh, Jagjivan Ram, YB
Charan, Devilal and LK Advani also worked as Deputy
Prime Minister during the period of various Prime
Minister’s.
--- PAGE 1166 ---
Attorney General
The Attorney General of India is appointed by the
President of India under Article 76 of the Constitution. A
person qualified to be a Judge of Supreme Court is
appointed to such a post. He is the first legal officer of the
Government of India.
He is consulted in all important cases. He also appears in
the Supreme Court on behalf of Government of India to
conduct cases. He has the right of audience in all the
courts and can take part in the proceedings of either house
of Parliament, but he is not entitled to vote. He holds
office during the pleasure of the President. He is
prohibited to take appointment as director in any company
without permission of government, but he is not debarred
from private legal practice.
PARLIAMENT
According to Article 79 , the Parliament consists of the
President, the Council of States (Rajya Sabha) and the
House of the People (Lok Sabha). Though, the President is
not a member of either of the house, he is an integral part
of it.
Rajya Sabha (Article 80)
• Maximum Strength 250 (Out of these, President
nominates 12 members amongst persons having special
knowledge or practical experience in the fields of
literature, science, art and social service).
• Presently, the Parliament, by law has provided for 233
seats for the States and the Union Territories. The total
membership of Rajya Sabha is 245.
• All the states and only 2 Union Territories, Delhi and
Puducherry are represented in the Rajya Sabha.
• Representatives of the state are elected by members of
State Legislative Assemblies on the basis of proportional
representation through a single transferable vote. States
are represented on the basis of their population.
• There are no seats reserved for Scheduled Castes and
Scheduled Tribes in Rajya Sabha.
Membership
Conditions to be a member of Rajya Sabha are as follow
• Citizen of India.
• 30 years of age.
• Be a parliamentary elector in the State, in which he is
seeking election.
• Others as prescribed by Parliament from time-to-time.
• For 6 years , as one-third members retire every 2 years .
Presiding Officer
• Vice-President is the ex-officio Chairman of Rajya
Sabha. He presides over the proceedings of the Rajya
Sabha as long as he does not act as the President of
India during a vacancy in the office of the President of
India.
• Also a Deputy Chairman is elected from among its
members.
• In Rajya Sabha any bill can originate, apart from Money
Bill (including budget).
• Rajya Sabha is a permanent body and is not subject to
dissolution unlike Lok Sabha.
Special Powers of the Rajya Sabha
• A resolution seeking the removal of the Vice-President
can originate only in the Rajya Sabha.
• If, the Rajya Sabha passes a resolution by a majority of
not less than two-third of the members present and
voting that it is necessary in the national interest that
Parliament should make laws with respect to any matter
enumerated in the State List. It shall be lawful for
Parliament to make law for a period of not more than
1 year. (Article 249)
• If the Rajya Sabha passes a resolution by a majority of
not less than two-third of the members present and
voting, then it is necessary in the national interest to
create one or more All-India Services , Parliament by
law, provides for such service or services. (Article 312)
Lok Sabha
• Maximum Strength 550 + 2 (530 : States, 20 : UTs).
• Present Strength of Lok Sabha (543 +2).
• Lok Sabha is not a permanent body and is subject to
dissolution.
• The normal tenure of the Lok Sabha is 5 years, but it
may be dissolved earlier by the President.
Tenure
• The life of the Lok Sabha can be extended by the
Parliament beyond the 5 years term, when a
proclamation of emergency under Article 352 is in force.
But, the Parliament cannot extend the normal life of the
Lok Sabha for more than 1 year at a time, but in any
case such extension cannot continue beyond a period of
6 months after the proclamation of emergency comes to
an end.
• Quorum for Either House Article 100 (c) Quorum is
the minimum number of members required to be present
before it can transact any business. It is 1/10th of the
total number of members.
961GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1167 ---
962 CDS Pathfinder
Membership
Conditions to be a member of Lok Sabha
• Citizen of India.
• At least 25 years of age.
• Must not hold any office of profit.
• He must not be of unsound mind/insolvent.
• He must be a registered voter in any parliamentary constitue ncy.
A member can be disqualified
• if, he voluntarily gives up the membership of party.
• if, he over rules the ‘whip’.
• if, he remains absent for 60 days without intimation.
Presiding Officers
• Presiding officer in Lok Sabha is the Speaker (in his/her absence,
Deputy Speaker). The members among themselves elect him/he r.
• The Speaker continues in office even after the dissolution o f the
Lok Sabha till a newly elected Lok Sabha meets.
The speaker has to vacate his office earlier in any of the foll owing
three cases
i. If he ceases to be a member of the Lok Sabha;
ii. If he resigns by writing to the Deputy Speaker;
iii. If he is removed by a resolution passed by a majority of all the
members of the Lok Sabha. Such a resolution can be removed
only after giving 14 days’ advance notice.
• Usually the Speaker, after his election cuts-off all connec tions with
his party and acts in an impartial manner. He does not vote in t he
first instance, but exercises his casting vote only to remov e a
deadlock.
• Charges his salary from the Consolidated Fund of India.
• The majority of the total membership can remove speaker afte r
giving a 14 days notice. During this time, he does not preside over
the meetings. After his removal, continues in office till hi s
successor takes charge.
Powers and Functions of Speaker
• The Speaker presides at the meetings of the House of the Peopl e
as well as joint setting of two Houses of Parliament.
• The Speaker gives permission to the members to speak in the
house.
• If, the Quorum (presence of only one-tenth of the total strength
of the house) is not complete, the Speaker can adjourn the hou se.
• He decides as to whether a bill is a Money Bill or not.
• He appoints the Chairman as well as Deputy Chairman of all the
committees of the house. Speaker takes the final decision as to
disqualify a member on grounds of defection.
PRO-TEM SPEAKER
The first meeting after election, in which Speaker and Deput y
Speaker is elected by Members of Parliament is head under the
seniormost Member of Parliament, he is called Pro-Tem
Speaker.
Deputy Speaker
• The Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha is the
Vice-Presiding Officer of the Lok Sabha, the
Lower House of Parliament of India. He acts
as the Presiding Officer in case of leave or
absence caused by death or illness of the
Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
• The Deputy Speaker is elected in the very first
meeting of the Lok Sabha after the General
Elections for a term of 5 years from among
the Members of the Lok Sabha.
Powers of Lok Sabha
• Money and the Financial Bills originate only in
Lok Sabha. The confidence and no confidence
motions can be introduced in Lok Sabha only.
• Article 352 says that the Lok Sabha in a
special sitting can disapprove the continuance
of National Emergency, even when the Rajya
Sabha rejects such a resolution.
Power, Privileges and Immunities
of the Members of Parliament
Parliamentary privileges are special rights,
immunities and exemptions enjoyed by the two
Houses of Parliament, their committees and
their members. Without these privileges the
Houses can neither maintain their authority,
dignity and honour nor can protect their
members from any obstruction in the discharge
of their Parliamentary responsibilities.
Parliamentary privileges don’t extent to the
President who is also an integral part of the
Parliament.
Parliamentary privileges can be classified into two
broad categories, which are as follows
i. Those that are enjoyed by each House of
Parliament collectively.
ii. Those that are enjoyed by the members
individually.
Some of the privileges and immunities enjoyed by
the members of the Parliament, are as follows
• Freedom of speech in the House subject to the
rules framed by the House. The members are
not permitted to discuss the conduct of the
judges of the Supreme Court and High Court,
except when the removal of a Judge is being
considered by Parliament.
• Immunity from proceedings in any court in
respect of publication of any report, paper or
proceedings under the authority of either
House of Parliament.
• Exemption from liability to serve as Jurors.
--- PAGE 1168 ---
Sessions of Parliament
• Begins with the consent of the President.
• Gap between two sessions should not be more than
6 months . The Parliament generally meets in three
sessions in a year, which are as follow
i. Budget Session (February-May) It is the longest
session.
ii. Monsoon Session (July-August).
iii. Winter Session (November-December) It is the
shortest session.
Termination of Sitting
The sitting of a house may be terminated by
Dissolution The Lok Sabha is subject to dissolution.
Dissolution takes place when the President exercises
his power under Article 85(2) . It can be dissolved by
efflux of time i.e. on the expiry of its term of 5 years
of the terms as extended during a proclamation of
emergency.
Prorogation It means the termination of a session of the
house by an order made by the President under
Article 85 (2) (a) of the Constitution.
Adjournment It does not put an end to the existence of
a session of Parliament, but it merely postpones the
further transaction of business for a specified time,
hours, days or weeks. Adjournment generally does not
have any effect on pending business.
Joint Session
• It is ordered by the President to consider a particular
bill in case
– Bill passed by one house and rejected by the other.
– The amendments made by the other house are not
acceptable to the house where the bill originated.
– When a bill remains pending or unpassed for more
than 6 months .
• Joint session of Parliament is presided over by the
Speaker of the Lok Sabha. In his absence, by the Deputy
Speaker, or in his absence by the Deputy Chairman of
Rajya Sabha or in his absence any other member of the
Parliament who is acceptable to both the houses.
• Deadlock over the bill is resolved by a majority of the
members of both the Houses of Parliament present and
voting.
• No fresh amendment can be done in joint session.
• There is no provision of joint session for passing Money
Bills and Constitutional Amendment Acts.
In Indian history, only three bills have been referred to the
joint sitting
i. Dowry Prohibition Bill — 1961
ii. Banking Service Commission Bill — 1978
iii. POTA Bill — 2002
Mechanisms of Parliamentary
Proceedings
Question Hour
The first hour of a sitting of the Lok Sabha devoted to
questions and that hours is called the Question Hour.
The questions are of three types
i. A Starred Questions It is one to which a member
desires an oral answer from the Minister in the House
and is required to be distinguished by him/her with
an asterisk. Answer to such a question may be
followed by supplementary questions by members.
ii. An Unstarred Question It is one to which written
answer is desired an oral answer from the Minister in
the House and is required to be distinguished by
him/her with an asterisk. Answer to such a question
may be followed by supplementary questions by
members.
iii. Short Notice Question A member may give a notice
of question on a matter of public importance and of
urgent character for oral answer at a notice less than
15 days prescribed as the minimum period of notice
for asking a question in ordinary course. Such a
question is known as Short Notice Question.
Zero Hour
The period follows the question hours and it starts at the
noon and its duration is one hour (from 12 noon to 1pm).
During the Zero Hour various issues of public importance
are raised without prior notice.
Parliamentary Proposal
Some parliamentary proposal in Lok Sabha are as follows
Calling Attention Motion With the prior permission of
the Speaker, any Member of the Parliament may call
the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public
importance. The minister may make a brief statement
about the matter or he may ask for time to make a
statement later.
Privilege Motion It is a motion moved by a member of
Parliament. He charges the minister with committing a
breach of the privilege of the house by withholding or
distoring facts.
Adjournment Motion It is introduced in the Parliament
to draw attention of the house to a definite matter of
urgent public importance and needs the support of 50
members to be admitted. It can only be moved in
Lower House of the Parliament. It should not raise
any matter which is under adjudication by a court.
No-Confidence Motion It is a resolution introduced by
the opposition claiming that the house has lost its
confidence in the government. If it is passed, then
government must resign from the office.
963GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1169 ---
964 CDS Pathfinder
It can only be introduced in the Lok Sabha. Rajya
Sabha does not enjoys this power because Article
75 says that Council of Minister shall be
collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha. This
motion requires the support of 50 members to be
admitted.
Censure Motion The motion seeks to censure the
government for its lapses. If the censure motion is
passed against the government, it should pass a
confidence motion as soon as possible to regain the
confidence of the house. And government, does not
need to resign immediately unlike in case of
No-Confidence Motion. It can be moved against an
individual minister for specific policies or actions.
This motion should state the reason for its
adoption. It is in practice since 1954.
Legislative Procedure in Parliament
The proposal for a law is called Bill. Until a bill is
passed through a proper procedure, it cannot be a law
or an act. Only Speaker of Lok Sabha decides whether
the bill is a Money Bill or an Ordinary Bill.
Ordinary Bill
• All the bills other than Financial bills, Money bills
and the Constitutional Amendment are Ordinary
bills.
• An Ordinary Bill can be introduced in any of the
two Houses of Parliament. The Ordinary Bill can be
introduced by either a Minister of the Government
or any Member of the House.
Money Bill
No Money Bill can be introduced without the consent
of the President of India (Article 110) .
• It can be introduced only in Lok Sabha. The Speaker
certifies a bill to be a Money Bill and his decision is
final in this regard. ( Article 110 )
• Money Bills relate to bills seeking imposition or
abolition of taxes, matters pertaining to borrowing of
money by the government, custody and maintenance
of consolidated funds etc.
• When, the Money Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha, it
is sent to the Rajya Sabha for its recommendations.
Rajya Sabha can delay, it only for 14 days . It’s final
approval lies with Lok Sabha only.
Financial Bill
• Any bill dealing with revenues or expenditure, but
not certified as, Money Bill by the speaker is a
Financial Bill.
• Financial Bill only be introduced in Lok Sabha on
the recommendation of President.
President Assent to the Bills
• After a Bill has been passed by both the Houses of
Parliament, it is presented to the President for his/her ass ent.
• The President may either assent to the Bill, withhold his/he r
assent or return the Bill, if it is not a Money Bill, with a
message for reconsideration of the Bill or any specified
provisions thereof, or for considering the desirability of
introducing any such amendments as he may recommend in
his/her message.
• The President may either give or withhold his/her assent to
a Money Bill. A Money Bill cannot be returned to the
House by the President for reconsideration.
• Also, the President is bound to give his/her assent to
Constitution Amendment Bill passed by Parliament by the
prescribed special majority and where necessary, ratified by
the requisite number of State Legislatures.
CONSOLIDATED FUND OF INDIA
[ARTICLE 266 (1)]
● All revenues received by the government by way of
taxes like income tax, central excise, customs and other
receipts flowing to the government in connection with
the conduct of government business i.e. non-tax
revenues are credited into the Consolidated Fund
constituted under Article 266 (1) of the Constitution of
India.
● All loans raised by the government by issue of public
notifications, treasury bills (internal debt) and loans
obtained from foreign government and international
institutions (external debt) are credited into this fund.
All expenditure of the government is incurred from this
fund and no amount can be withdrawn from the fund
without authorisation from the Parliament; Article 114
(in effect that of Lok Sabha).
CONTINGENCY FUND OF INDIA (ARTICLE 267)
● The Contingency Fund of India records the transactions
connected with Contingency Fund set by the
Government of India under Article 267 of the
Constitution of India.
● This fund acts more or less like an imprest account of
Government of India and is held on behalf of President
by the Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry
of Finance, Department of Economic Affairs. At
present, it is 500 crore.
PUBLIC ACCOUNT [ARTICLE 266(2)]
● In the public account, constituted under Article 266 (2)
of the Constitution, the transactions relate to debt other
than those included in the Consolidated Fund in India.
● The transactions under debt, deposits and advances in
this part are those in respect of which government
incurs a liability to repay the money received or has a
claim to recover the amounts paid.
● The receipts under public account do not constitute
normal receipts of government. Parliamentary
authorisation for payments from the public account is
therefore not required.
--- PAGE 1170 ---
Budget in Parliament
• ‘Budget’ is the popular name for the ‘annual financial
statement’ that has been dealt with in Article 112 of the
Constitution. The budget is a statement of the estimated
receipts and expenditure of the Government of India in a
financial year.
• Till 2016, the Government of India has two budgets– the
Railway Budget and the General Budget. On the
recommendations of Bibek Debroy Committee, the
Government of India has announced that there will be single
General Budget 2017 onwards. The Finance Minister
presents the General Budget.
Parliamentary Committees
• Committees have been created so that members of
Parliament can discuss and debate on the working of a
certain department of the government. Most of the
committees function under the direction of the Speaker and
essentially of the Lok Sabha.
• Committees are classified under two heads, which are as
follow
i. Adhoc Committees They are created for a temporary
period. They can be divided into two categories, i.e.
Inquiry Committees and Advisory Committees.
ii. Standing Committees They are broadly classified into
the following categories: Committees of Enquires
Committees to Scrutinise, Financial Committees,
Committees of Administrative Character, Committees
with provision of facilities to member.
• The Chairman of all the committees (except the Joint
Committees on salaries and allowances of MPs) are
appointed by the Speaker from amongst the members of the
committees. In case, Speaker is a member of a committee, he
becomes Ex-officio chairman of the committee.
Public Accounts Committee
• This committee was set-up first in 1921 under the provisions
of the Government of India Act of 1919 and has since been
in existence.
• At present, it consists of 22 members (15 from the Lok
Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha).
• The members are elected by the Parliament every year from
amongst its members according to the principle of
proportional representation by means of the single,
transferable vote. Thus, all parties get due representatio n in
it.
• The function of the committee is to examine the annual
audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General of
India (CAG), which are laid before the Parliament by the
President.
Estimates Committee
• The origin of this committee can be traced to the
standing financial committee set-up in 1921.
• The first Estimates Committee in the
post-independence era was constituted in 1950 on
the recommendation of John Mathai.
• Originally, it had 25 members but in 1956 its
membership was raised to 30. All the 30 members
are from Lok Sabha only.
• These members are elected by the Lok Sabha every
year from amongst its own members, according to
the principles of proportional representation by
means of a single transferable vote.
• The function of the committee is to examine the
estimates included in the budget and suggest
‘economies’ in public expenditure.
Committee on Public Undertakings
• This committee was created in 1964 on the
recommendation of the Krishna Menon Committee.
• Originally, it had 15 members (10 from the Lok
Sabha and 5 from the Rajya Sabha). However, in
1974, its membership was raised on 22 (15 from the
Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha).
• The members of this committee are elected by the
Parliament every year from amongst its own
members according to the principle of proportional
representation by means of a single transferable vote.
• The term of office of the members is one year. A
minister cannot be elected as a member of the
committee.
THE STATE EXECUTIVE
It deals with the government at state level. It consists
of Governor and Council of Minister headed by Chief
Minister.
Governor
The Constitution provides for an office of the
Governor in the states under Article 153.
Appointment
• Appointed by the President, on the advice of the
Council of Ministers headed by the Prime Minister.
Same person can be appointed Governor for more
than one state.
• Constitution prescribes a 5 years term, but it is
subject to the pleasure of the President.
965GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1171 ---
966 CDS Pathfinder
Qualification and Oath
Under Article 158, the Constitution lays down the
following conditions for the Governors office
• He must be a citizen of India.
• He should be more than 35 years of age.
• He should not be a member of either House of
Parliament and the State Legislature.
• He must not hold any government office of profit.
• The oath to the Governor is given by the Chief Justice
of High Court (Article 159).
Powers
Executive Powers
• Appoints the Council of Ministers (on the advice of
CM).
• Appoints the Advocate General, the Chairman and
Members of the State Public Service Commission.
• Acts as the representative of the President.
Legislative Powers
• He summons and prorogues the session of the State
Legislative.
• He can dissolve the State Assembly before the expiry of
its full term.
• He addresses the first session of the Legislature after
every election and first session every year.
• He can issue ordinances, appoints 1/6th members of
Legislative Council on the advice of Chief Minister.
• Nominates one member from the Anglo-Indian
community (if not properly representated).
• Gives assent to the bills to make it a law.
The Governor has three alternatives, which are as follows :
i. He can give his assent to the Bill.
ii. He can return it (other than a Money Bill) for
reconsideration, suggestion, alterations. But, such bill s
when passed again, have to be given assent.
iii. He may reserve the bill for the assent of the
President.
Financial Powers
Ensures that the budget is laid. Money Bills can be
introduced on his recommendation only.
Judicial Powers
• He is consulted by the President of India for the
appointment of judges in the High Court.
• Appoints judges of courts below the High Court, can
grant pardon, (same point) reprieve or remission of
punishment for offence against state laws.
Emergency Powers
• The Governor exercises important power during
emergency, which is also known as ‘President Rule’
(Article 356) .
• His powers are exercised by the Council of Ministers
headed by the Chief-Minister. But the Governor can
exercise certain discretionary powers independently also .
Other Powers
Receives and tables the report by Controller Auditor
General, Act as Chancellor of state universities and
appoints Vice-Chancellor.
Chief Minister
• Acticle 164(1) Appointed by Governor, generally the
majority party leader is appointed. A Chief Minister is
the elected Head or Government of the State and is
vested with most of the executive power.
• He enjoys the supports of legislators of the political
party or coalition commanding an assembly majority.
• The Governor is the Nominal Executive (de-jure
executive) and the Chief Minister is the Real Executive
(defacto executive ).
• There are no educational or other qualification about his
appointment. Under the Constitution, all that is needed
is that such a person is a citizen of India and possesses
such qualifications, as are required for becoming a
member of the Legislative Assembly.
• Such a person could be Member of either House of the
Legislature or even an outside though in case he is not a
Member of State Legislative can be appointed CM, but he
has to get himself elected within 6 months otherwise
would have to be removed.
• The Governor may first appoint the Chief Minister then
ask him to prove his majority in the Legislative
Assembly within a reasonable period.
• If the Chief Minister resigns, entire ministry resigns.
Advocate General
• Article 165 of the Constitution provides for the office of
the Advocate General for the states. He is the highest
law officer in the state and appointed by the Governor.
• He must be a person who is qualified to be appointed a
judge of a High Court. The term of office of the
Advocate General is not fixed by the Constitution. He
holds office during the pleasure of the Governor.
THE STATE LEGISLATURE
• Every State has a Legislature. Some of the State
Legislatures have two houses Legislative Assembly
(Vidhan Sabha), the Lower House and Legislative
Council (Vidhan Parishad), the Upper House.
• States having Bicameral Legislature Uttar Pradesh,
Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir, Maharashtra, Karnataka and
Andhra Pradesh. State Legislative Council can be created
and abolished by the Parliament on the recommendation
of Legislative Assembly.
--- PAGE 1172 ---
Legislative Council
It is known as Upper House, it cannot be dissolved. The
maximum strength of the council is fixed at one-third of
the total strength of the Assembly and minimum
strength is Legislative Council are elected in accordance
with the system of proportional representation by means
of the Single Transferable Vote.
Strength and Election
• It cannot be larger than one-third of the Legislative
Assembly of the State. One-third are elected by the
local government bodies like Zila Parishad,
Municipalities. Another one-third are elected by
Members of Legislative Assembly of the state.
One-twelfth are elected by a constituency of graduates
and another one-twelfth by teachers of secondary
schools, colleges and universities.
• One-sixth of the total members are nominated by the
Governor from the persons of special knowledge or
practical experience of literature, science, art,
cooperative movement and social service.
Qualifications and Tenure
A citizen of India, age not below 30 years. Chairman
and Vice-Chairman elected from among its members. 6
years tenure with one-third members retiring every 2
years.
Legislative Assembly
• Like the Lok Sabha, the Legislative Assembly is not a
continuing chamber. Its normal term is 5 years from
the date of its first meeting after the General Election.
It can be dissolved before its term too. Term can be
extended by 1 year during national emergency.
• The Constitution says that the Governor may appoint
ane member from the Anglo-Indian Community if it
is not adequately represented in the house.
• Rest of the member are elected directly by the people
from the territorial constituencies. Article 170 (1) holds
that the Legislative Assembly of each state shall
consist of not more than 500 and not less than 60,
members chosen by direct election from territorial
constituencies in the State.
Strength
The strength of Legislative Assemblies cannot be more
than 500 and not less than 60.
Qualifications
• A citizen of India, age not less than 25 years. Speaker
and Deputy Speaker chosen from among its members.
• Must not possess other qualifications prescribed by
Parliament, under the Representation of People Act,
1951.
The Union Territories
• The states are the members of the federal system in India
and share a distribution of power with the centre. On the
other hand, the union territories are those areas which are
under the direct control and administration of the Central
Government.
• Articles 239 to 241 in Part VIII of the Constitution deal
with the union territories.
• Every Union Territory is administered by the President
acting through an administrator appointed by him.
• The President can specify the designation of an
administrator; it may be Lieutenant Governor or Chief
Commissioner or Administrator.
• At present, it is Lieutenant Governor in the case of Delhi,
Puducherry and Andaman and Nicobar Islands and
Administrator in the case of Chandigarh, Dadra and Nagar
Haveli, Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep.
• The Union Territories of Puducherry (in 1963) and Delhi
(in 1992) are provided with a Legislative Assembly and a
Council of Ministers headed by a Chief Minister.
Jammu and Kashmir (Special Status)
• Article 370 gives temporary, transitional and special
provisions to Jammu and Kashmir. Special status has been
given to this state at the time of its accession to India.
• Jammu and Kashmir has its own separate Constitution
which was formed by its own Constituent Assembly.
• The Parliament of India has no power to form laws regarding
Jammu and Kashmir on the subjects of State List. Besides, thi s
all the residuary powers invest in the legislatures of Jammu and
Kashmir.
• It exercises dual citizenship . Person, who does not belong
to the State of Jammu and Kashmir cannot purchase any
immovable property in this state.
• In case of constitutional breakdown, besides the President
Rule, the Governor’s Rule can also be imposed for a
maximum period of six months.
• The Union of India has no power for the proclamation of
Financial Emergency in Jammu and Kashmir.
• The Indian Parliament has no power to change the name,
boundary or territory of Jammu and Kashmir without the
consent of State Legislature.
• Only National Emergency proclaimed on grounds of war
and external aggression shall have automatic extension to
Jammu and Kashmir. On the contrary, National
Emergency proclaimed on the basis of armed rebellion
shall not be automatically extended to Jammu and
Kashmir.
• Articles 19 (1) and 31 (2) have not been abolished for this
state and hence, right to property shall stands guaranteed
to the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
• Part IV (DPSP) and Part IV A (Fundamental Duties are
not applicable to the State of Jammu and Kashmir).
967GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1173 ---
968 CDS Pathfinder
JUDICIARY
• We have an integrated judicial set-up (taken from
Government of India Act, 1935) in our country.
The Constitution of India is the supreme legal
document.
• It’s Part V and Part VI dealing with Union and
State Governments respectively.
• Indian Constitution has established an integrated
judicial system with the Supreme Court at the
top.
• Judiciary is independent of other two organs of
the state i.e. executive and legislature.
Independence of the judiciary does not imply
arbitrariness or absense of accountability.
• Judiciary is a part of the democratic structure of
the country. It is therefore, democratic traditions
and to the people of the country.
• The organisation of the subordinate judiciary
varies from state to state.
Supreme Court of India
(Articles 124-147)
• The Supreme Court came into being on 28th
January, 1950. Supreme Court is a federal court.
It’s only seat located at Delhi. It’s bench can be
established at other places also.
• It is the Apex court of justice in India. Having
one Chief Justice + Not more than 30 other
judges (after amendment, earlier 25).
Appointment
The judges of the Supreme Court are appointed by
the President. The Chief Justice is appointed by the
President after consultation with such judges of the
Supreme Court and High Court as he/she deems
necessary.
Qualifications
A citizen of India. Any person who has been a
judge of a High Court for 5 years (or) an eminent
jurist or has been a practising advocate in High
Court for 10 years.
Functions
It hears certain appeals of civil and criminal cases
from the High Court. It hears disputes between the
Union Government and the states. It can issue writs
for the enforcement of any of the Fundamental
Rights conferred by the Constitution.
Term and Removal of a Judge
• The judges hold the office upto the age of 65 years. A Judge of
Supreme Court can only be removed from office by an order
of the President after an address by each House of Parliament
supported by a majority of the total membership of the house
and by a majority of not less than two-third of the members
present and voting on the ground on
i. proved misbehaviour ii. incapacity
The Constitution of India has ensured that
• they can be removed by Parliament (by complex procedure).
• after retirement, they cannot practise in any Indian Court.
Salary
• Salary is given from consolidated fund, which is not deducte d
(except during financial emergency).
• Chief Justice’s salary ` 1 lakh.
Independence of Judges
• Decisions and actions of judges cannot be criticised.
• Any type of conduct of judges cannot be discussed in
Parliament except in the case of removal.
• Chief Justice of India is appointed on seniority basis.
Jurisdiction
The functions and responsibilities of the Supreme Court are
defined by the Constitution.
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court may be categorised as
Original Jurisdiction (Article 131)
• Disputes between the Government of India and one or more
states.
• Dispute between the Government of India and one or more
states on one side and one or more state on the other side.
• Disputes between two or more states (e.g. Cauvery water
dispute between Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry).
PUBLIC INTEREST LITIGATION (PIL)
In PIL the court gives judgement in public interest on such
matters as the basic needs of life, exploitation,
environment, child labour, exploitation of women etc. If
some person or institution just informs the court. The court
investigate the matter and decides in the context of facts.
Such cases constitute what is PIL?
SP Gupta vs Union of India Case, 1982, Supreme Court held that
any member of the public can approach the courts for violatio n
of Fundamental Rights of others, (who may not have sufficien t
resources to reach the courts) even through a post card, PN
Bhagwati and CR Krishna Aiyar were the prominent justices to
have laid down the conditions for such appeals, popularly ca lled
Public Interest Litigation (PIL). But PILs must work for public
interest alone. The concept of PIL originated in USA.
--- PAGE 1174 ---
Writ Jurisdiction
• The Constitution has constituted the Supreme Court as
the guarantor and defender of Fundamental Rights of
the citizen.
– Habeas Corpus Implies that a person imprisoned or
detained by the law can enquire from the court of law,
under what authority he has been imprisoned or
detained.
– Mandamus Literally means a ‘Command’ issued by
the court commanding a person or a public authority
to do or forbade to do something in the nature of
public duty.
– Quo Warranto An order issued by the court to
prevent a person from holding office to which he is
not entitled and to out him from that office.
– Certiorari It is a writ, which orders the removal of a
suit from an inferior court to superior court.
– Prohibition By a higher court to stop proceedings in a
lower court on the ground of overstepping of
jurisdiction or isolation of the rules of natural justice.
Advisory Jurisdiction (Article 143)
As the highest court in the country, the Supreme Court
can be consulted by the President on certain issues, if the
President feels that an important legal question or fact of
public interest has come to him he can ask the Supreme
Court for its advice. The Supreme Court in such cases
would consider it and give its opinion to the President, but
such an opinion is not binding on the President.
Appellate Jurisdiction
(Articles 132 (1), 133 (1) or 134)
Three type of appeals can be made to the Supreme Court,
these are as follows :
i. There can be an appeal against any decision or order
of a High Court, if the High Court gives a certificate
that it involves some question of interpretation of the
Constitution.
ii. There can be an appeal against civil cases decided by a
High Court, if the High Court gives a certificate that
the case involves a substantial question of law.
iii. In respect of criminal cases too there can be an appeal
to the Supreme Court. If a High Court has on appeal
reversed an order of acquittal of an accused person
and sentenced him to death or if by withdrawing a
case from the lower court to itself it has sentenced a
person to death, one can go for an appeal to Supreme
Court.
Review Jurisdiction (Article 137)
The Supreme Court can review any judgement given by
itself. The Supreme Court is also given the power under our
Constitution to transfer a case that is being decided in any
court and bring it to itself. If it feels that an important
question of law is involved, Parliament can confer on the
Supreme Court more powers by passing a law.
Election Jurisdiction
The Supreme Court has obligation to decide on the
disputes regarding the election of the President and the
Vice-President.
Court of Record (Article 129)
All the decisions and proceedings of the Supreme Court
are kept as records and are quoted as precedents in the
court. The court can punish for its own contempt, if any
one does not abide by its decision. So, the Supreme Court
is called a ‘Court of Record’.
Power of Judicial Review
Supreme Court has power to make Judicial review of
constitutionality of legislative enactments and executiv e
orders of both centre and state. If the orders are found
violative, they can be declared null and void.
High Courts
The Constitution provides High Court for every state. But
even two or more states can have a common High Court if
provided by the Parliament.
i. Presently there are 24 High Courts in India (21+3
State High Courts). Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura
are the new High Courts.
ii. The High Court consists of a Chief Justice and some
other judges appointed by the President of India.
iii. There is no upper limit on the number of judges.
Qualifications
He/she must be a citizen of India. Must have held a
judicial office for at least 10 years or be a distinguished
jurist in the opinion of the President.
Or
He should have for at least 10 years been an advocate in
High Court or of two or more such courts in succession.
Appointment
• For the appointment of the Chief Justice of a High
Court the President consults the Chief Justice of India
and Governor of the concerned state. Other judges are
also appointed according to the same procedure.
• The Constitution bench of Supreme Court held that the
opinion of Chief Justice (Supreme Court and High
Court) will be given priority in both the appointment as
well as transfer of senior judges.
Term, Boundation and Removal
• A judge of High Court holds office till he attains the
age of 62 years. Their term can be shortened, if he gives
resignation and can be cut short if removed by the
President.
• Retired Judge of a High Court can practice in the High
Court from where he has been retired and only in the
Supreme Court.
969GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1175 ---
970 CDS Pathfinder
• Judges of one High Court can be transferred to another High
Court.
• They can be removed through the same procedure as followed
in the case of a Judge of the Supreme Court (Parliament passes
the resolution by a two-third majority of its members presen t
and voting).
Jurisdiction of High Court
At present, a High Court enjoy the following jurisdiction an d
powers
• Original jurisdiction • Writ jurisdiction
• Appellate jurisdiction • Supervisory jurisdiction
• Control over subordinate courts
Jurisdiction and Seats of High Courts
Name Established
in the Year Territorial Jurisdiction Seat
Madhya
Pradesh
1956 Madhya Pradesh Jabalpur (Benches at
Gwalior and Indore)
Bombay 1862 Maharashtra, Dadra and
Nagar Haveli, Goa,
Daman and Diu
Mumbai (Bench at
Nagpur, Panaji and
Aurangabad)
Calcutta 1862 West Bengal and
Andaman and Nicobar
islands
Kolkata (Circuit Bench at
Port Blair)
Madras 1862 Tamil Nadu and
Puducherry
Chennai
Allahabad 1866 Uttar Pradesh Allahabad (Bench at
Lucknow)
Karnataka 1884 Karnataka Bengaluru
Patna 1916 Bihar Patna
Orissa 1948 Odisha Cuttack
Guwahati 1948 Assam, Nagaland,
Mizoram and Arunachal
Pradesh
Guwahati (Benches at
Kohima and Aizawl and
itanagar)
Rajasthan 1949 Rajasthan Jodhpur (Bench at Jaipur)
Andhra
Pradesh
1954 Andhra Pradesh and
Telengana
Hyderabad
Kerala 1958 Kerala and Lakshadweep Ernakulam
Jammu and
Kashmir
1928 Jammu and Kashmir Srinagar and Jammu
Gujarat 1960 Gujarat Ahmedabad
Delhi 1966 Delhi Delhi
Punjab and
Haryana
1875 Punjab, Haryana and
Chandigarh
Chandigarh
Himachal
Pradesh
1971 Himachal Pradesh Shimla
Sikkim 1975 Sikkim Gangtok
Uttarakhand 2000 Uttarakhand Nainital
Jharkhand 2000 Jharkhand Ranchi
Chhattisgarh 2000 Chhattisgarh Bilaspur
Manipur 2013 Manipur Imphal
Meghalaya 2013 Meghalaya Shillong
Tripura 2013 Tripura Agartala
Subordinate Courts
Articles 233 to 237 in Part VI of the Constitution
makes the provision to regulate the organisation of
subordinate courts and to ensure their
independence from the executive. The appointment,
posting and promotion of district judges in a state
are made by the governor of the State in
consultation with the High Court.
Lok Adalat
Lok Adalat is one of the alternative dispute
redressal mechanisms, it is a forum where disputes
or cases pending in the court of law or at
pre-litigation stage are settled or compromised
amicably. Lok Adalats have been given statutory
status under the Legal Services Authorities Act,
1987. The First Lok Adalat was held in Gujarat in
1982.
LOCAL SELF GOVERNMENT
• It deals with the Panchayats and Municipalities.
It consists of two parts
i. It contains 29 subjects related to Panchayati
Raj (Administrative powers) and added by
73rd Amendment Act, 1992, contains a new
schedule ‘Schedule Eleven’.
ii. It contains 18 subjects related to
Municipalities (Administrative powers) and
added by 74th Amendment Act, 1992,
contains a new schedule, ‘Schedule Twelve’.
Panchayati Raj in India signifies the system of
rural local self government. Local government
is a subject of the State List.
Various recommendation for Panchayati Raj
Institution,are as follows :
• Balwant Rai Mehta Committee 1957
establishment of three tier Panchayati Raj
System, which includes Zila Parishad at District
level, Panchayati Samiti at Block level and Gram
Panchayat at Village level.
• Ashok Mehta Committee The three tier system
should be replaced by two tier system that is Zila
Parishad at District level and below it the Mandal
Panchayat consisting of a group of village
comprising a population of 15000 to 20000.
• LM Singhvi Committee 1986 The Panchayati
Raj Institution should be constitutionally
recognised, protected and preserved.
• PESA (Panchayat Extention to Schedule Areas)
Act, 1996 or PESA law enacted by the
Government of India they cover the schedule
areas which are not covered in the 73rd
Amendment of Panchayati Raj Act of Indian
Constitution.
--- PAGE 1176 ---
Panchayats
The idea of Panchayati Raj forms the basis of
Gandhian philosophy that considers village councils as
the units of self-governance. Rajasthan was the first
state to set-up Panchayati Raj on 2nd October, 1959
followed by Andhra Pradesh.
Duration and Election
• Its duration five years from the day appointed for its
first meeting.
• Before the expiry of its duration.
• Before the expiry of a period of 6 months from the
date of its dissolution. Provided that where the
remainder of the period for which the dissolved
• Panchayat would have continued is less than
6 months, it shall not be necessary to hold any
election for such period.
• Minimum age required to contest for election is 21
years.
Reservation of Seats
Seats shall be compulsorily reserved for women
Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. Seats to be
reserved for backward classes is left at the discretion of
the State Government one-third of the seats are
reserved for women. In some states like Bihar, 50%
seats are reserved for women.
Municipalities
• They are eight types of urban local body in India –
Notified Area Committee, Town Area Committee,
Municipal Corporation, Municipality, Cantonment
Board, Township, Port trust and Special Purpose
Agency.
• The first municipal corporation was established in
Madras Presidency in 1688.
Duration and Election
• Election must be held before the expiry of its
duration of 5 years.
• Election must be held before the expiration of a
period of 6 months from the date of its dissolution.
Reservation of Seats
• There will be the reservation of seats for the
Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes in every
municipality in proportion of their population to the
total population in the municipal area.
• It also provides for the reservation of not less than
one-third of the total number of seats for women
(including the number of seats reserved for women
belonging to the SCs and STs).
Constitutional Bodies
Constitutional body is the body that has its name mentioned
in the Constitution of India. It derives power directly from
the Constitution. Any type of change in mechanism of this
body needs constitutional amendment. Such bodies are as
follows
Election Commission
• The Election Commission is a permanent and an
independent body established by the Constitution of India
directly to ensure free and fair elections in the country.
• Article 324 of the Constitution provides that the power of
superintendence, direction and control of elections to
Parliament, state legislatures, the office of President of India
and the office of Vice-President of India shall be vested in
the election commission.
• The Election Commission shall consists of the Chief
Election Commissioner and such number of other election
commissioners, if any, as the President may from time to
time fix. They hold office for a term of 6 years or until they
attain the age of 65 years, whichever is earlier.
• He can be removed by the President on the basis of a
resolution passed to that effect by both the Houses of
Parliament with special majority, either on the ground of
proved misbehaviour or incapacity.
NATIONAL PARTY
It should secure not less than 6% of the total valid votes
polled in its state during a general election. Besides, it ha s
attained at least 4 members to Lok Sabha.
STATE PARTY
It should secure not less than 6% of the total valid votes in
that state in general election, besides attaining at least t wo
members to the Legislative Assembly of that state at the
last assembly elections.
Public Service Commission
The Public Service Commission is divided into two categorie s
namely; Union Public Service Commission and State Public
Service Commission.
Union Public Service Commission (UPSC)
• It is the central recruiting agency in India. Articles 315 to
323 in Part XIV of the Constitution deal with the UPSC.
• The UPSC consists of a chairman and other members
appointed by the President of India. The strength of the
Commission has been decided by the President.
• The chairman and members of the Commission hold office
for a term of six years or until they attain the age of 65
years, whichever is earlier.
• The chairman or a member of the UPSC can be removed
from office by the President only in the manner and on the
grounds mentioned in the Constitution.
971GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1177 ---
972 CDS Pathfinder
State Public Service Commission (SPSC)
• Parallel to UPSC at the Centre, there is a SPSC in a
state. It consists of a chairman and other members
appointed by the Governor of the State.
• The chairman and members of the Commission hold
office for a term of six years or until they attain the
age of 62 years, whichever is earlier.
National Commission for
Scheduled Castes
• The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (SCs)
is a constitutional body in the sense that it is directly
established by Article 338 of the Constitution.
• The main function of the Commission is to investigate
and monitor all matters relating to the constitutional
and other legal sageguards for the SCs and to evaluate
their working.
• The Commission also has to investigate all matters
relating to the constitutional and other legal
safeguards for the OBCs and the Anglo-Indian
Community and report to the President upon their
working.
• They are appointed by the President by warrant under
his hand and seal. Their conditions of service and
tenure of office are also determined by the President.
• The Commission presents an annual report to the
President. It can also submit a report as and when it
thinks necessary.
National Commission for
Scheduled Tribes
• The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (STs)
is a constitutional body in the sense that it is directly
established by Article 338-A of the Constitution.
• The 89th Constitutional Amendment Act of 2003
bifurcated and combined National Commission for
SCs and STs into two separates bodies namely;
National Commission for Scheduled Castes (under
Article 338) and National Commission for Scheduled
Tribes (under Article 338-A).
• The main function of the Commission is to investigate
and monitor all matters relating to the constitutional
and other legal safeguards for the STs and to evaluate
their working.
Finance Commission (Article 280)
Composition
• Under Article 280 of the Constitution, provision has
been made for the Constitution of a Finance
Commission within two years of the commencement
of the Constitution and thereafter on the expiry of
5th year. It consists of a Chairman and four other
members appointed by the President.
• 13th Finance Commission, headed by Vijay Kelkar,
submitted its report for the period 2010-15. Finance
Commission, headed by YV Reddy, has been appointed. Its
report will apply for the period 2015-20.
• The 14th Finance Commission has been specifically asked
to recommend how non-priority PSUs be relinquished,
besides its other constitutional duties.
Functions
It is duty of the Finance Commission to make
recommendations to the President as to :
• the distribution between the Union and States of net
proceeds of the taxes which are divisible between the
Union and the States.
• the principles which should govern the grants-in-aid of a
revenue to the states out of Consolidated Funds of India.
• any other matter referred to the commission by the
President in the interest of sound finance.
Comptroller and
Auditor General of India
He is appointed by the President for control and audit of
public accounts. He does not hold his office till the pleasur e
of the President. He is not eligible for further office.
Functions
His main functions are as follows :
• He audits the account related to all expenditure from
consolidated and contingency fund of India, each state and
UT’s having a Legislative Assembly.
• He acts as a guide, friend and philosopher of the Public
Account Committee of the Parliament.
• To keep a vigilant watch on the finance of Union and the
States.
• To submit periodic reports to the President and Governors
of State for consideration of Parliament and State
Legislature.
• To see that the amount voted by the legislature are spent
under appropriate heads and they are not exceeded.
Non-Constitutional Bodies
Non-Constitutional bodies are the bodies that are establis hed
either by an executive resolution of the Government of India
or by a legislation enacted by the Parliament or even by any
official Gazette notification issued by the Central
Government.
Planning Commission
The Planning Commission was an institution in the
Government of India, which formulated India’s Five-Year
Plans. The Government has replaced Planning Commission
with a new institution named NITI Aayog (National
Institution for Transforming India).
--- PAGE 1178 ---
National Development Council
• It is the open body for decision making and
deliberation on development matters in India
presided over by Prime Minister.
• The council comprises the Prime Minister, the
Union Cabinet Ministers, Chief Ministers of all
States, Representation of the Union Territories
and members of the planning commission.
• It is an extra-constitutional and non-statutory
body. It is the listed as an advisory body to
planning commission but its advice is not
binding.
NITI Aayog
• The institution will serve as ‘Think Tank’ of the
Government, a directional and policy dynamo.
• NITI Aayog will provide governments and the
central and state levels with relevant strategic and
technical advice across the spectrum of key
elements of policy. This includes matters of
national and international important PM is the
ex-officio chairman of NITI Aayog.
Functions of NITI Aayog
• To foster cooperative federalism through
structured support initiatives and mechanisms
with the states on a continuous basis, recognising
that strong states make a strong nation.
• To develop mechanisms to formulate credible
plans at the village level and aggregate these
progressively at higher levels of government.
• To ensure, on areas that are specifically referred
to it, that the interest of national security are
incorporated in economic strategy and policy. To
pay special attention to the sections of our
society that may be at risk of not benefitting
adequately from economic progress.
• To provide advice and encourage partnerships
between key stakeholders and national and
international like-minded Think Tanks, as well as
educational and policy research institutions.
State Finance Commission
There is a provision of State Finance Commission
to review the financial position of Panchayats and
recommended grant-in-aid. It shall make the
following recommendation to the governor.
Lokpal and Lokayuktas
The Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013 was made by
the Parliament to provide for the establishment of
body of Lokpal for the Union and Lokayukta for
state to inquire into allegations of corruptions
against certain public functionaries and for matters
concerning them.
Salient Features of Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act
• Lokpal bill consist of a chairperson and a maximum of eight
members of which 50% shall be judicial members. 50% of
members of Lokpal shall be from SC/ST/OBCs, minorities and
women.
• The selection of chairperson and members of Lokpal shall be
through a selection committee consist of
1. Prime Minister
2. Speaker of Lok Sabha
3. Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha
4. Chief Justice of India or a sitting Judge of Supreme Court
nominated by CJI.
5. Eminent jurist on the basis of recommendations of the firs t
four members of the selection committee. Prime Minister
has been brought under the purview of the Lokpal.
National Human Rights Commission
• The National Human Rights Commission is a statutory body.
It was established in 1993 under a legislation enacted by the
Parliament. The Commission is a multi-member body
consisting of a chairman and four members. The chairman
should be retired chief justice of India. In case State Human
Rights Commission, the chairperson should be a retired Chie f
Justice of a High Court.
• The chairman and members hold office for a term of
5 years or until they attain the age of 70 years, whichever is
earlier. After their tenure, the chairman and members are no t
eligible for further employment under the Central or a State
Government.
National Commission for Minorities (NCM)
• The Union Government set-up the National Commission for
Minorities under the National Commission for Minorities Ac t,
1992. Six religious communities namely; Muslims, Christia ns,
Sikhs, Buddhists, Parsis and Jains have been notified as
minority communities by the Union Government.
• The Commission has one Chairperson and five Members
represented five minority communities. The Commission
consists of President, a Vice-President and five other memb ers
from minorities group.
CENTRE-STATE RELATION
The Constitution of India, being federal in structure, divi des all
powers (legislative, executive and financial) between the centre and
the states.
The centre-state relations can be studied under three heads , which
are as follow
i. Legislative relations
ii. Administrative relations
iii. Financial relations
It deals with the relations between union and states. The cen tres
and states are an essential feature of federalism.
973GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1179 ---
974 CDS Pathfinder
Legislative Relations
• The Constitution divides the subjects into the Union
List (100 subjects), the State List (61 subjects) and the
Concurrent List (52 subjects). Enumerated in the
Seventh Schedule under Article 246. Parliament has
exclusive power to legislate on subjects mentioned in
the Union List. This list contains subjects like defence,
foreign affairs, atomic energy etc.
• State legislatures have exclusive power to legislate on
subjects mentioned in the State List. The State List
contains subjects like health, sanitation, public order,
agriculture etc. Both Parliament and State Legislatures
can legislate on subjects mentioned in the Concurrent
List. This list contains subjects like criminal law,
forests, education, marriage and divorce etc.
• Residual Powers (i.e. subjects not included in any of
the list) rest with Union Government.
Administrative Relations
The states are expected to comply with the Laws of the
Parliament and not impede the exercise of the Executive
Powers of the Union (Articles 256 and 257). In this
regard, the Union Government can issue necessary
directives to the states. All disputes between states
regarding the use, distribution or control of water are
decided by the centre (Article 262).
Financial Relations
• The states are greatly dependent on the Central
Government for finance. The State Governments have
been provided independent sources of revenue, but
these are inadequate.
• The Union Government has the power to borrow
from within India or outside, subject to the limits laid
down by the Parliament, the borrowing power of the
states is subject to several limitations and the cannot
borrow from outside India.
Zonal Councils
Six zonal councils have been established to discuss and
advise on matters of common interest. The Union Home
Minister has been nominated to be the common
Chairman of all Zonal Councils. Set-up under State
Reorganisation Act, 1956.
Northern Zonal Council Consist of Punjab,
Rajasthan, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir,
Himachal Pradesh, Chandigarh and Delhi.
Headquarter New Delhi
Central Zonal Council Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand,
Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. Headquarter
Allahabad
Eastern Zonal Council Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal
and Odisha. Headquarter Kolkata
Western Zonal Council Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat and UTs
of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman Diu. Headquarter
Mumbai
Southern Zonal Council Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu,
Karnataka, Kerala and UT of Puducherry. Headquarter
Chennai
North-Eastern Council It was created in 1971 by a
separate Act of Parliament for Assam, Manipur, Tripura,
Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh.
In 1994, Sikkim was included in it.
/c238
The□issues□in□centre-state□relations□have□been□under
consideration.□Time□to□time□government□appoints□commission□for
betterment□of□the□relation.
SARKARIA COMMISSION
It was set-up in June, 1983, by the Central Government of
India to examine the relationship and balance of power
between states and centre. It was headed by Justice
Rajinder Singh Sarkaria, a retired Judge of the Supreme
Court of India.
PUNCHHI COMMISSION
In April, 2007, a new commission was set-up to re-examine
centre-state relations. The commission was headed by
former Chief Justice of India MM Punchhi.
Inter-State Council
• Inter-State Council serves a purposeful mechanism to bring
various autonomous executive agencies of the state
machinery, both the union and the states, and coordinate
amongst them the ways and means of execution and
implementation of policies concerning common interests,
both regional as well as national.
• Although a provision was made in the Constitution under
Article 262 for the formation of such Inter-State Council,
it was not until 1990, a formal Inter-State Council was
established.
• This measure was taken after the Sakaria Commission
pitched for the formation of such a council.
Types of Emergency
The President is empowered to promulgate three kinds of
emergencies which are as follows :
i. On the ground of threat to the security of India or of
any part of the territory by war or an external
aggression or an armed rebellion (Article 352) known as
National Emergency .
ii. On the ground of the failure of the constitutional
machinery in a state. (Article 356) known as the
President’s Rule or State Emergency .
iii. On the ground of threat to the financial stability or
credit of India or any part of the territory (Article 360),
known as Financial Emergency .
--- PAGE 1180 ---
National Emergency (Article 352)
• If the President is satisfied that a grave emergency exists
whereby the security of India or any part of India is
threatened, whether by a war or an external aggression
or an armed rebellion, he/she may proclaim a state of
emergency for the whole of India or part of the territory
thereof.
• A proclamation of emergency can be made by the
President, even before the actual occurrence of war or
external aggression or armed rebellion, if he/she is
satisfied that there is an imminent danger.
• When a national emergency is declared on the ground of
‘war’ or ‘external aggression’ it is known as External
Emergency. On the other hand, when it is declared on
the ground of ‘armed rebellion’ it is known as Internal
Emergency.
President’s Rule or State Emergency
(Article 356)
• The President’s Rule can be proclaimed under Articles
355, 356 and 365. Article 355 says it shall be the duty
of the union to protect every state against external
aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that
the government of every state is carried on in accordance
with the provisions of this Constitution.
• Article 356 says that if the President, on receipt of a
report from the Governor of a State or otherwise, is
satisfied that a situation has arisen in which the
Government of the State cannot be carried on in
accordance with the provisions of this Constitution,
he/she may issue a proclamation.
• Article 365 administration says that whenever a state
fails to comply with or give effect to any direction from
the centre, it will be lawful for the President to hold that
a situation has arisen in which the government of the
state cannot be carried on in accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution.
Financial Emergency (Article 360)
• Article 360 provides that if the President is satisfied that
a situation has arisen whereby the financial stability of
India or the credit of India or of any part of India is
threatened, he/she may make a declaration to that effect.
Under such situation, the executive and legislative powers
will go to the center. This article has never been invoked
till date.
• The proclamation of Financial Emergency shall
ordinarily remain in force for a period of 2 months.
However, it can continue to stay beyond 2 months if
before the expiry of the 2 months period, the
proclamation has been approved by both the Houses of
the Parliament.
• If, at the time of proclamation of Financial Emergency,
the Lok Sabha stands dissolved, the proclamation needs
to be approved by the Lok Sabha within 30 days of its
meeting after its reconstitution, provided in the meantime
the Rajya Sabha has approved it.
• The National Emergency and Financial Emergency have
no time limit. They can continue to be extended without
any limit. But the State emergency has a time limit. It
cannot go beyond 3 years.
E-Governance
The word electronic in the term e-Governance implies
technology driven governance. e-Governance is the
application of Information and Communication
Technology (ICT) for delivering government services.
e-Governance is basically a move toward SMART
Governance i.e. Simple, Moral, Accountable, Responsive an d
Transparent Governance.
There are four types of interactions in e-Governance
1. G2B : Government to Business
2. G2C : Government to Citizens
3. G2E : Government to Employees
4. G2G : Government to Government
DIGITAL INDIA
It is a flagship e-Governance programme of Government
of India with a vision to transform India into a digitally
empowered society and knowledge economy.
The focus is to bring transformation to realise
IT +IT IT
(Indian Talent) (Information Technology) (India Tomorrow )
Mission Mode Projects (MMPs)
A Mission Mode Project (MMP) is an individual project
within the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) that
focuses on one aspect of e-Governance, such as banking,
land records or commercial taxes etc. Within NeGP,
Mission Mode Project implies that projects have clearly
defined objectives, scopes and implementation timelines
and milestones, as well as measurable outcomes and service
levels. NeGP comprises 31 Mission Mode Projects
(MMPs), which are further classified as State, Central or
Integrated Projects. Each State Government can also define
five MMPs specific to its individual needs.
E-Panchayat
The Ministry of Panchayati Raj, Government of India has
initiated e-Panchayat, a flagship project, computerisati on of
Gram Panchayats on a mission mode basis. After a
detailed system study by NIC (National Informatics
Centre), the department prioritised the applications to be
automated for Gram Panchayats. The application areas are
birth and death registrations, house tax assessment and
demand collections and trade licences. The applications
were developed and implemented in 475 Gram Panchayats
identified by department. The software is web enabled and
hosted on NIC central servers. The capacity building had
been taken up at various levels by conducting State and
District level workshops and the e-Panchayat project was
initiated by Commissioner PR&RE in 2005.
975GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1181 ---
976 CDS Pathfinder
E-Choupal
It is an India-based business initiative by ITC (India
Tobacco Company) Limited that provides internet access
to rural farmers. The purpose is to inform and empower
them and, as a result to improve the quality of agricultural
goods and the quality of life for farmers. ITC Limited is a
consumer product and agribusiness conglomerate in India
known for their production of cigarettes, speciality paper ,
food products and packaging services.
Mobile Governance
Mobile Government or m-Government, is the extension of
e-Government to mobile platforms and also the strategic
use of government services and applications which are only
possible using cellular/mobile telephones, laptop
computers, Personal Digital Assistants (PDAs) and wireles s
internet infrastructure.
E-Courts
The e-Courts project was conceptualised on the basis of
the ‘National Policy and Action Plan for Implementation
of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in
the Indian Judiciary 2005’ submitted by e-Committee
(Supreme Court of India), with a vision to transform the
Indian Judiciary by ICT enablement of Courts. Such
e-court was established first time in Hyderabad High
Court on 18th July, 2016.
Official Languages (Articles 343-351)
Article 343 mentions that the official language of the
Union shall be Hindi in Devanagari script. Article 348
mentions that English will be language to be used in the
Supreme Court and in the high courts and for acts, bills,
etc. This part is related to the official languages ,
promotion of Hindi as well as mother tongues at least in
primary education.
Amendment
• An Amendment (Article 368) of the Constitution can be
initiated only by the introduction of a bill for purpose
in either House of Parliament and not in the State
Legislatures.
• The bill can be introduced either by a minister or by a
private member and does not require prior permission of
the President.
• Each house must pass the bill separately. No provision
of joint setting.
IMPORTANT CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS
An amendment to the Constitution can be initiated in either H ouse of the Parliament and there is no provision of joint
session here. President has to, under all conditions, provi de his consent to such a bill. He cannot withhold his assent no r
can be return it.
• 1st Amendment, 1951 to overcome certain practical
difficulties related to Fundamental Rights. Also added 9th
Schedule (Act and Regulation), Land Reform Act.
• 7th Amendment, 1956 necessitated on account of
reorganisation of states on linguistic basis and introduce d
changes in the 1st and 4th Schedule.
• 9th Amendment, 1960 gave effect to transfer certain
territories to Pakistan following the 1958 Indo-Pak
agreement.
• 10th Amendment, 1961 incorporated Dadra and Nagar
Haveli in India.
• 12th Amendment, 1962 incorporated Goa, Daman and
Diu in India.
• 13th Amendment, 1962 created Nagaland as a state.
• 14th Amendment, 1963 incorporated Pudicherry in
India from France.
• 18th Amendment, 1966 reorganised Punjab into Punjab,
Haryana and UT of Chandigarh.
• 27th Amendment, 1971 established Manipur and Tripura
as states and Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh as UT.
• 31st Amendment, 1973 increased the elective strength of
Lok Sabha from 525 to 545. The upper limit of
representatives of state went up from 500 to 525.
• 42nd Amendment, 1976 provided supremacy of
Parliament and gave primacy to Directive Principles over
Fundamental Rights. It also added 10 Fundamental Duties
to the Constitution. The Preamble of the Constitution was
also altered to ‘Sovereign’, ‘Socialist’, ‘Secular’ and
‘Democratic Republic’. It is also called Mini Constitution.
• 44th Amendment, 1978 restored the normal duration of
the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assembly to 5 years. The
Right to Property was deleted from Part III. Also
limited the power of the government to proclaim
internal emergency. The national emergency shall not be
proclaimed except on the written recommendation of the
Cabinet.
• 52nd Amendment, 1985 10th Schedule was added
through this (Anti-Defection Law).
• 61st Amendment, 1989 reduced the voting age from 21
to 18 years for the Lok Sabha as well as Assemblies.
• 62nd Amendment, 1989 extended reservation of seats
for SC/ST till AD 2000.
• 69th Amendment, 1991 accorded a special status to the
Union Territory of Delhi as a National capital territory
of Delhi.
• 70th Amendment proposed to grant statehood to Delhi.
--- PAGE 1182 ---
• 73rd Amendment, 1992 (Panchayati Raj) to provide
among other things Gram Sabha in villages, Constitution
of Panchayats at the village and other levels, direct
elections to all seats in Panchayats and reservation of seat s
for the SC and ST and fixing of tenure of 5 years for
Panchayats.
• 74th Amendment, 1992 (Nagar Palika) To provide for,
among other things, Constitution of three types of
municipalities, reservation of seats in every municipalit y
for the SC and ST, women and the backward classes.
• 76th Amendment Act, 1994 It provides reservation in
educational institutions and posts in state services.
• 84th Amendment, 2001 Creation of the new states of
Chhattisgarh, Uttaranchal and Jharkhand.
• 86th Amendment, 2002 Article 21 (A), which makes
primary education a Fundamental Right to children
between age of 6-14 years was added.
– Article 45 of Directive Principle.
– 11th Fundamental Duties were added through this.
• 91st Amendment, 2003 The provision of 10th Schedule
(Anti-Defection Law) pertaining to exemption from
disqualification in case of split of 1/3rd member of the
legislature party has been deleted. It means that defectors
have no more protection on grounds of splits.
• 92nd Amendment Act, 2003 Four languages were added
in 8th Schedule—Bodo, Dogri, Maithili and Santhali.
• 93rd Amendment Added clause (5) to Article 15
making special provisions for advancement of any
socially and educationally backward classes.
• 94th Amendment, 2006 To provide for a Minister of
Tribal Welfare in newly created Jharkhand and
Chhattisgarh states and deletion of Bihar’s name.
• 95th Amendment, 2010 To extend the reservation of
seats for SCs and STs in the Lok Sabha and States
Assemblies from 60 to 70 years.
• 96th Amendment, 2011 Substituted ‘Odia’ for ‘Oriya’.
• 97th Amendment, 2012 To give right to form
co-operative societies and give a framework for their
working.
• 98th Amendment, 2013 To empower the Governor of
Karnataka to take steps to develop the Hyderabad-
Karnataka region.
• 99th Amendment, 2014 National Judicial
Appointments Commission was established. But on
16th October, 2015 Supreme Court struck down the
NIAC as unconstitutional.
• 100th Amendment, 2015 To the acquiring of
territories by India and transfer of territories to
Bangladesh in pursuance of the agreements and its
protocol between India and Bangladesh.
• 101st Amendment, 2016 It is related to goods and
services tax.
977GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1183 ---
978 CDS Pathfinder
1. Which of the following provisions
were made in the Charter Act of
1833?
1. The commercial functions of
the East India Company came
to an end and now it had only
political functions.
2. Government services in India
were thrown open to all
Indians.
3. The designation of the
Governor-General of Bengal
was changed as the Governor-
General of British India.
4. An Indian was to be appointed
as a Law Member in the
Governor-General’s council.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 3 and 4 (d) 3 and 4
2.
Which of the following pairs are
not correctly matched?
1. Government of India
Act, 1919
: Dyarchy
2. Government of India
Act, 1335
: Provincial
autonomy
3. Minto-Morley Reforms : Separate
electorate
4. Mountbatten Plan : Constituent
Assembly
5. Cabinet Mission Plan,
1946
: Partition of
India
Codes
(a) 4 and 5 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 1 and 5 (d) 2 and 3
3.
Which of the following are among
the provisions of the Act of 1858?
1. The administration of India
and the Indian Territories was
transferred to the Crown.
2. The East India Company was
abolished.
3. The Governor-General of India
was to be known as the
Viceroy of India and a
Secretary of State for India
was also appointed.
4. The administrative power of
India was to be shared
between the East India
Company and the Crown of
England.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 3 and 4 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
4.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Ministry of Parliamentary
Affairs constitute Consultative
Committees of Members of
both the Houses of Parliament.
2. The main purpose of these
Committees are to provide a
forum for formal discussions
between the Government and
Members of Parliament on
polices and programmes of the
Government.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
5.
Which of the following pairs is
incorrectly matched?
(a) 9th December,
1947
: Constituent
Assembly’s first
meeting
(b) 26th November,
1949
: The people of India
adopted, enacted
and gave to
themselves the
Constitution
(c) 24th January,
1950
: The Constitution
was finally
signed by the
members of the
Constituent
Assembly
(d) 26th January,
1950
: The date of
commencement the
Constitution
6.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Bill of Rights and
Judicial Review
1. England
B. Parliamentary system
of Democracy
2. Ireland
C. Directive Principles 3. USA
D. Residuary powers
with the centre
4. Canada
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 1 2 3 (b) 1 2 3 4
(c) 3 4 2 1 (d) 3 1 2 4
7.
Who among the following were
the members of the Drafting
Committee of the Constitution?
1. KM Munshi
2. Jawaharlal Nehru
3. Alladi Krishnaswami Ayyar
4. Sardar Patel
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 3 and 4 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 2, 3 and 4
8.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Establishment of Board
of Control
1. Regulating
Act, 1773
B. Establishment of
Supreme Court
2. Pitt’s India
Act, 1784
C. Christian missionaries
were allowed to
spread their religion
in India
3. Charter Act,
1813
D. Governor General of
Bengal as Governor
General of India
4. Charter Act,
1833
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 1 2 4 3 (d) 2 4 1 3
9.
Consider the following statements
about the Government of India Act,
1935 provide for
1. the provincial autonomy.
2. the establishment of federal court.
3. all India Federation at the
Centre.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
10.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The Charter Act, 1853 abolished
East India company’s monopoly of
Indian trade.
2. Under the Government of India
Act, 1858, the British Parliament
abolished the East India Company
altogether and undertook the
responsibility of ruling India
directly.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
11.
Which one of the following Schedules
of the Constitution of India includes
the disqualification of a Legislator on
grounds of defection?
(a) 8th Schedule
(b) 7th Schedule
(c) 5th Schedule
(d) 10th Schedule
PRACTICE EXERCISE
--- PAGE 1184 ---
12. Which one of the following
statements regarding the
Speaker is correct?
(a) He holds office during the
pleasure of the President
(b) He need not be a Member of the
House at the time of his election,
but has to become a Member of
the House within six months from
the date of his election
(c) He loses his office, if the House
is dissolved before the end of its
normal tenure
(d) If, he intends to resign the letter
of his resignation is to be
addressed to the President
13.
The Indian Parliamentary
system is different from the
British Parliamentary system, in
that India has
(a) both real and nominal executive
(b) a system of collective
responsibility
(c) bicameral legislation
(d) the system of judicial review
14. Which of the following is a basic
feature of the Presidential
Government?
(a) Rigid Constitution
(b) Single Executive
(c) Supremacy of the Legislature
(d) Residual powers of the State
15.
Which of the following is the
common features of a Federal
Constitution?
1. A written and rigid
Constitution.
2. Division of power between the
centre.
3. Separation of powers between
the Legislature and Executive.
4. Bicameral National Legislature.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2, 3 and 4 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
16.
Match the following
List I
(Features of the Indian
Constitution)
List II
(Borrowed
from)
A. Fundamental Rights 1. UK
B. Parliamentary System
of Government
2. USA
C. Emergency provisions 3. Ireland
D. Directive Principle of State
Policy
4. Germany
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 3 1 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 2 1 4 3 (d) 1 2 4 3
17.
Who among the following have the
office of the Vice-President of
India?
1. Mohammed Hidayatullah
2. Fakh-ru-ddin Ali Ahmed
3. Neelam Sanjiva Reddy
4. Shankar Dayal Sharma
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 3 and 4 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
18.
Which of the following taxes is/are
levied by the Union and collected
and appropriated by states?
(a) Stamp Duties
(b) Passenger and Goods Tax
(c) Estate Duty
(d) Taxes on Newspapers
19.
Which of the following can be
termed ‘Gandhian’ among the
Directive Principles?
1. Prevention of cow slaughter.
2. Promotion of cottage industries.
3. Establishment of Village
Panchayats .
4. Uniform civil code for the
country.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
20.
Among the ‘Socialistic’ Directive
Principles may be listed
1. prevention of concentration of
wealth.
2. right to work.
3. separation of judiciary from
executive.
4. organising agriculture along
scientific lines.
Select the corect answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
21.
What is meant by saying that the
Directive Principle of State Policy
are non-justiciable?
1. In case they are violated, the
matter cannot be taken to the
court.
2. Courts are debarred from
consideration of Directive
Principles.
3. The law of the land does not
recognise the existence.
4. They are sacrosanct.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 1
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
22.
What are the Gandhian principles
incorporated in the Indian
Constitution?
1. Efforts to be made for the
development for weaker or
backward sections of the society.
2. Prohibition on the use of
intoxicating liquor except for
medicinal purposes.
3. Organisation of Village
Panchayats.
4. Establishment of cottage and
small-scale industries in rural
areas.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 3 and 4 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
23.
Which of the following are a
Directive Principle of State Policy?
1. Equal pay for equal work for men
and women.
2. Equal right to an adequate means
of livelihood.
3. Abolition of untouchability.
4. Just and human condition of
work.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
24.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The Union Executive consists of
the President and the Council of
Ministers with the Prime Minister
as the head.
2. The President may, by writing
under his hand addressed to the
Vice-President, resign his office.
3. Executive power of the Union is
vested in the Prime Minister.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 2 (d) All of these
25.
Which of the following determines
that the Indian Constitution is
federal?
(a) A written and rigid Constitution
(b) An Independent Judiciary
(c) Vesting of residuary power with the
centre
(d) Distribution of powers between centre
and states
26. Which of the followig pairs is
correctly matched?
(a) Amendment Procedure : Article 268
(b) Duties of Prime Minister : Article 74
(c) President’s Rule : Article 365
(d) Inter-State Council : Article 263
979GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1185 ---
980 CDS Pathfinder
27. Which of the following authorities
recommends the principles
governing the grant in aid of
revenues to states out of
consolidated fund of India?
(a) Finance Commission
(b) Planning Commission
(c) Union Ministry of Finance
(d) Inter-State Council
28.
The Parliament can legislate on
any subject in the State List.
1. If, the Rajya Sabha declares
by a 2/3rd majority resolution
that it is expedient to do so in
national interest.
2. For the implementation of
international treaties.
3. If, two or more states make a
request to Parliament to do so.
4. When Article 356 is imposed
in the state.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
29.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are stated in the
Constitution of India?
1. The President shall not be a
member of either Houses of
Parliament.
2. The Parliament shall consist of
the President and two houses.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
30.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are correct?
1. The Directive Principle are
meant to establish Political
Democracy.
2. The Directive Principle are
meant to establish Social
Democracy.
3. The Directive Principle is
meant to establish Economic
Democracy.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
31.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are correct?
1. Fundamental Rights enjoy
legal supremacy over Directive
Principles.
2. Right to Education is available
to foreigners in India.
3. Right to Information is
available only for citizen to
the citizens of India.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
32.
Which of the following provisions
of the Constitution of India have
a bearing on Education?
1. Directive Principles of State
Policy.
2. Rural and Urban Local Bodies.
3. 5th Schedule.
4. 6th Schedule.
5. 7th Schedule.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 3, 4 and 5
(c) 1, 2 and 5 (d) All of these
33.
Under which one of the following
Constitution Amendment Acts,
four languages were added to the
languages under the Eighth
Schedule of the Constitution of
India, thereby raising their
number to 22?
(a) Constitution (90th Amendment) Act
(b) Constitution (91st Amendment) Act
(c) Constitution (92nd Amendment) Act
(d) Constitution (93rd Amendment) Act
34. Consider the following statements
1. The Speaker of Lok Sabha has
the power to adjourn the
House sine die but, on
prorogation, it is only the
President, who can summon
the house.
2. Unless sooner dissolved or
there is an extension of the
term, there is an automatic
dissolution of the Lok Sabha
by efflux of time, at the end of
the period of 5 years, even if
no formal order of dissolution
is issued by the President.
3. The Speaker of Lok Sabha
continues in office even after
the dissolution of the house
and until ‘immediately before
the first meeting of the house’.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
35.
Which of the following are the
methods of Parliamentary control
over public finance in India?
1. Placing Annual Financial
Statement before the
Parliament.
2. Withdrawal of moneys from
Consolidated Fund of India only
after passing the Appropriation
Bill.
3. Provisions of supplementary
grants and vote-on-account.
4. A periodic or atleast a mid-year
review of programme of the
Government against
macro-economic forecast and
expenditure by a Parliamentary
Budget Office.
5. Introducing Finance Bill in the
Parliament.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2, 3 and 5 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 3, 4 and 5 (d) All of these
36.
Consider the following statements
1. While members of the Rajya
Sabha are associated with
Committees on Public Accounts
and Public Undertakings,
members of Committee on
Estimates are drawn entirely from
Lok Sabha.
2. The Ministry of Parliamentary
Affairs works under the overall
direction of Cabinet Committee on
Parliamentary Affairs.
3. The Minister of Parliamentary
Affairs nominates Members of
Parliament on Committees,
Councils, Boards and Commissions
etc set up by the Government of
India in the various ministries.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
37.
Which of the following special powers
have been conferred on the Rajya
Sabha by the Constitution of India?
(a) To change the existing territory of a
state and to change the name of a
state
(b) To pass a resolution empowering the
Parliament to make laws in the State
List and to create one or more all
India Services
(c) To amend the election procedure of
the President and to determine the
pension of the President after his/her
retirement
(d) To determine the functions of the
Election Commission and to determine
the number of Election Commissioners
38.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The Rajya Sabha alone has the
power to declare that it would be
in national interest for the
Parliament to legislate with
respect to a matter in the State
List.
--- PAGE 1186 ---
2. Resolutions approving the
Proclamation of Emergency are
passed only by the Lok Sabha.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
39.
Consider the following
statements
1. The joint sitting of the two
Houses of the Parliament in
India is sanctioned under
Article 108 of the
Constitution.
2. The first joint sitting of Lok
Sabha and Rajya Sabha was
held in the year 1961.
3. The second joint sitting of the
two Houses of Indian
Parliament was held to pass
the Banking Service
Commission (Repeal) Bill.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
40.
Which of the following statement
is correct?
(a) The Parliamentary form of
government emphasises on the
interdependence between the
legislative and executive organs
(b) Only a member of the Rajya
Sabha can contest for the office
of the Vice-President
(c) While a candidate to the Lok
Sabha can contest from any State
in India, a candidate to the Rajya
Sabha should ordinary be a
resident of the state from where
he is contesting
(d) The Constitution explicity prohibits
the appointment of a nominated
member of the Rajya Sabha to the
post of minister
41.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Union Territories are not
represented in the Rajya
Sabha.
2. It is within the purview of the
Chief Election Commissioner
to adjudicate the election
disputes.
3. According to the Constitution
of India, the Parliament
consists of the Lok Sabha and
the Rajya Sabha only.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) None of these
42.
Who among the following can be
the Chairperson of the National
Human Rights Commission?
(a) A Member of either House of
Parliament
(b) A Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of India
(c) A social worker actively involved in
the promotion of human rights
(d) Any sitting Judge of High Court or
Supreme Court
43. The objective of including
Directive Principles of State
Policy says that the state shall
seek to ensure
(a) to establish a welfare state
(b) to provide best opportunities for
development
(c) to establise a democratic state
(d) to check the arbitrary action of the
Government
44. Which of the following
statement(s) are incorrect?
1. Rajya Sabha can reject a
Money Bill.
2. Rajya Sabha can make
recommendations on a Money
Bill.
3. Rajya Sabha cannot reject
Money Bill.
4. Rajya Sabha should return the
Money Bill to the Lok Sabha
within 14 days.
5. Rajya Sabha cannot amend a
Money Bill.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1, 2 and 5
(c) 1 and 5 (d) 2, 3, 4 and 5
45.
Which of the following
Constitutional Amendments
states that the total number of
Ministers, including the Prime
Minister in the Council of
Minister shall not exceed 15% of
the total number of members of
the house of the people?
(a) 90th (b) 91st
(c) 92nd (d) 93rd
46.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Chairman of the
Committee on Public Accounts
is appointed by the Speaker of
the Lok Sabha.
2. The Committee on Public
Accounts comprises members of
Lok Sabha, members of Rajya
Sabha and a few eminent
persons of industry and trade.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
47.
Which of the following statement(s)
regarding Money Bill are incorrect,
except?
(a) A Money Bill can only be introduced in
Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha has no
power to make a change in it against
the will of Lok Sabha.
(b) A Money Bill may be introduced in
Rajya Sabha but it must be approved
by both the houses.
(c) A Money Bill can only be introduced in
Lok Sabha, but it must also be
approved by Rajya Sabha.
(d) A Money Bill can be introduced in
either house but the decision of Lok
Sabha thereon shall prevail.
48.
Match the following
List I
(Articles□of□the
Constitution
of□India)
List II
(Provisions)
A. Article 14 1. The state shall not
discriminate against any
citizen on grounds only of
religion, race, caste, sex,
place of birth or any of them
B. Article 15 2. The state shall not deny to
any person equality before
the law or the equal
protection of laws within the
territory of India
C. Article 16 3. ‘Untouchability’ is abolished
and its practice in any form
is forbidden
D. Article 17 4. There shall be equality of
opportunity for all citizens in
matters relating to
employment or appointment
to any office under the state
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 1 3 (b) 3 1 4 2
(c) 2 1 4 3 (d) 3 4 1 2
49.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The maximum number of the
Judges of the Supreme Court of
India is prescribed in the
Constitution of India.
2. The maximum number of the
members of the Union Public
Service Commission is prescribed
in the Constitution of India.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2
(d) Neither 1 nor 2
981GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1187 ---
982 CDS Pathfinder
50. Consider the following statements
1. Superintendence, direction and
conduct of free and fair
elections.
2. Preparation of electoral rolls
for all elections to the
Parliament, State Legislature
and the Office of the President
and the Vice-President.
3. Giving recognition to political
parties and allotting election
symbols to political parties and
individuals contesting the
election.
4. Proclamation of final verdict in
the case of election disputes.
Which of the above are the
functions of the Election
Commission of India?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 1, 2 and 4
51.
Financial distribution between
the Union and the State takes
place on the basis of the
recommendations of which one of
the following?
(a) The National Development Council
(b) The Inter-State Council
(c) The Planning Commission
(d) The Finance Commission
52. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Part IX of the Constitution of
India contains provisions for
Panchayats and was inserted
by the Constitution (73rd
Amendment Act, 1992).
2. Part IX-A of the Constitution
of India contains provisions for
municipalities and the Article
243 envisages two types of
municipalities–a Municipal
Council and a Municipal
Corporation for every state.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
53.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Rajya Sabha alone has
the power to declare that it
would be in national interest
for the Parliament to legislate
with respect to a matter in
the State List.
2. Resolutions approving the
Proclamation of Emergency are
passed only by the Lok Sabha.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
54.
Which of the following statements
regarding Fundamental Duties
are correct?
1. To preserve the rich heritage
of the nation’s composite
culture.
2. To cherish and follow the
noble ideals of the freedom
struggle.
3. To renounce practice
derogatory to the dignity of
women.
4. 11th Fundamental Duty was
added by 68th Constitutional
Amendment 2000.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
55.
Consider the following statements
1. The highest criminal court of
the district is the Court of
District and Sessions Judge.
2. The District Judges are
appointed by the Governor in
consultation with the High
Court.
3. A person to be eligible for
appointment as a District
Judge should be an advocate
or a pleader of 7 years
standing or more or an officer
in Judicial Service of the
Union or the State.
4. When the Sessions Judge
Awards death sentence, it
must be confirmed by the
High Court before it is carried
out.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 3 and 4 (d) All of these
56.
Which of the following
statement(s) is not correct?
(a) In Lok Sabha, a no-confidence
motion has to set out the grounds
on which it is based
(b) In the case of a no-confidence
motion in Lok Sabha, no
conditions of admissibility have
been laid down in the rules
(c) A motion of no-confidence once
admitted has to be taken up within
ten days of the leave being
granted
(d) Rajya Sabha is not empowered to
entertain a motion of no-confidence
57.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. A person, who has held office as
a permanent Judge of a High
Court cannot plead or act in any
court or before any authority in
India except the Supreme Court.
2. A person is not qualified for
appointment as a Judge of a High
Court in India unless he has for
at least 5 years held a judicial
office in the territory of India.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
58.
Who among the following determines
the authority who shall readjust the
allocation of seats in the Lok Sabha
to the states and division of each
State into territorial constituencies?
(a) The President of India
(b) The Parliament of India
(c) The Chief Election Commissioner of
India
(d) The Lok Sabha alone
59. Consider the following statements
1. Fundamental Duties added to
Constitution on the
recommendation of Swarn Singh.
2. Fundamental Duties were added
by 44th Amendment Act, 1976.
3. Fundamental Rights meant to
establish Political Democracy.
4. Fundamental Rights based on
Nehru Report, 1928.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
60.
Match the following
List I
(Schedules)
List II
(Deals with)
A. 9th Schedule 1. Anti-Defection Act
B. 11th Schedule 2. Languages
C. 8th Schedule 3. Panchayats
D. 10th Schedule 4. Acts and
Regulation
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 2 3 1 4
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 3 2 1 4
61.
Which of the following is/are Human
Right(s) under “Universal
Declaration of Human Rights”?
1. Right to education.
2. Right to equal access to public
service.
3. Right to food.
--- PAGE 1188 ---
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
62.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Article 301 pertains to the
Right to Property.
2. Right to Property is a legal
right, but not a Fundamental
Right.
3. Article 300 A was inserted in
the Constitution of India by
the Congress Government at
the Centre by the 44th
Constitutional Amendment.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
63.
Which of the following statements
in regard to the Directive
Principles of State Policy is
correct?
(a) Fundamental Right constitute
limitation upon state action while
Directive Principles are in the nature
of instruction to the Government to
achieve certain ends
(b) They are justiciable in certain
respects
(c) They enjoin on the state to secure
a living wage to all workers within
a specified period
(d) The court can compel the state to
implement some of the important
directions
64.
Match the following
List I
(Committees)
List II
(Recommendations)
A. Balwantrai Mehta
Committee
1. 2-Tier Panchayati
Raj System
B. LM Singhavi
Committee
2. 3-Tier Panchayati
Raj System
C. Ashok Mehta
Committee
3. Constitutional
status for
Panchayat
D. GVK Rao
Committee
4. Rural
Development
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 4 3 (b) 3 4 2 1
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 2 3 1 4
65.
In India, if a religious
sect/community is given the
status of a national minority,
what special advantages it is
entitled to?
1. It can establish and administer
exclusive educational
institutions.
2. The President of India
automatically nominates a
representative of the
community to Lok Sabha.
3. It can derive benefits from the
Prime Minister’s 15-Point
Programme.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
66.
Match the following
List I
(Amendment Acts)
List II
(Amended
Subjects)
A. 86th Amendment
Act, 2002
1. Elementary
education a
Fundamental Right
B. 73rd Amendment
Act, 1992
2. Panchayati Raj
C. 74th Amendment
Act, 1992
3. Municipalities
D. 61st Amendment
Act, 1988
4. Minimum age limit
for voting
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 2 3 1
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 1 3 4 2
67.
What does the 93rd Constitutional
Amendment deal with?
(a) Inclusion of Bodo, Dogri, Maithili
and Santhali languages in the 8th
Schedule
(b) Inclusion of service tax levied by
Union and collected and
appropriated by the Union and the
states in the 7th Schedule
(c) Free and compulsory education for
all children between the age of 6
and 14 years
(d) No reservation in Panchayats need
to be made in favour of Scheduled
Castes in Arunachal Pradesh
68.
Consider the following statements
1. Free and compulsory education
to the children of 6-14 years
age group by the state was
made a Fundamental Right by
the 76th Amendment to the
Constitution of India.
2. Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan seeks
to provide computer education
even in rural areas.
3. Education was included in the
Concurrent List by the 42nd
Amendment, 1976 to the
Constitution of India.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
69.
In which of the following situations
does the President promulgate an
ordinance?
(a) There is disagreement between the
two Houses of Parliament over a bill
(b) Both houses have refused to pass a
bill sponsored by the Government with
the previous sanction of President
(c) A bill has been pending in Parliament
for a long-period
(d) Parliament is not in session
70.
What does the 104th Constitution
Amendment Bill relate to?
(a) Abolition of Legislative Councils in
certain states
(b) Introduction of dual citizenship for
persons of India origin living outside
India
(c) Providing quota to socially and
educationally backward classes in
private educational institutions
(d) Providing quota for religious minorities
in the services under the Central
Government
71.
Which of the following sets of bill is
presented to the Parliament along
with the Union Budget?
(a) Direct Taxes Bill and Indirect Taxes Bill
(b) Contingency Bill and Appropriation Bill
(c) Finance Bill and Contingency Bill
(d) Finance Bill and Appropriation Bill
72. Which of the following is correct
about the Fundamental Duties?
1. They are not enforceable.
2. They are primarily moral duties.
3. They are not related to legal
rights.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
73.
Match the following
List I
(Schedules in
the Constitution
of India)
List II
(Subjects)
A. 10th Schedule 1. Languages
B. 8th Schedule 2. Provisions as to
disqualification on the
grounds of defection
C. 1st Schedule 3. Validation of certain Acts
and Regulations
D. 9th Schedule 4. The States
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 3 2 1 (b) 2 1 4 3
(c) 4 1 2 3 (d) 2 3 4 1
983GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1189 ---
984 CDS Pathfinder
74. Which of the following are the
differences between the
Fundamental Rights and the
Directive Principles?
1. Fundamental Rights are
negative instructions, while the
Directive Principles are
positive instruction to the
government.
2. Fundamental Rights are
justiciable while the Directive
Principles of State Policy are
non-justiciable.
3. Fundamental Rights enjoy
constitutional basis while the
Directive Principles are based
on conventions.
4. In case of a conflict between
the Fundamental Rights and
most Directive Principles, the
former get precedence.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
75.
Who among the following was the
first Law Minister of India?
(a) Jawaharlal Nehru
(b) Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad
(c) Dr BR Ambedkar
(d) T Krishnamachari
76. The financial powers of the
President of India are that
(a) he is responsible for the
preparation for the Union Budget
and causes it to be laid before the
Parliament
(b) He appoints the chairman and
members of the Finance
Commission
(c) No Money Bill can be introduced
without his prior approval
(d) All of the above
77.
President holds office for a term
of 5 years
(a) from the date of his election
(b) from the date of his entering the
office
(c) from a date specified in the
Constitution
(d) from a date notified by the election
commission
78. In which of the following
committee, are members from
both the Houses of Parliament
represented?
(a) The Estimation Committee
(b) The Public Account Committee
(c) The Committee on Government
Assurance
(d) The Business Advisory Committee
79. Match the following
List I List II
A. Taxes on incomes
other than agricultural
income
1. State List
B. Estate duty in respect
of agricultural land
2. Residuary
power
C. Inter-planetary outer
space travel
3. Concurrent
List
D. Acquisition and
requisitioning property
4. Union List
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 3 2 1 (b) 4 1 2 3
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 4 3 1 2
80.
Assertion (A) An award made
by a Lok Adalat is deemed be a
decree of a Civil Court.
Reason (R) Award of Lok
Adalat is final and binding on all
parties and no appeal lies against
thereto before any court.
Codes
(a) Both A and R are true and R is the
correct explanation of A
(b) Both A and R are true, but R is
not the correct explanation of A
(c) A is true, but R is false
(d) A is false, but R is true
81. Who is the Chairman of second
Administrative Reforms
Commission?
(a) Bimal Jalan
(b) Dr Karan Singh
(c) M Veerappa Moily
(d) Ahmed Patel
82.
Which of the following writs will
be issued by the court in case of
illegal detention?
(a) Habbeas Corpus
(b) Mandamus
(c) Prohibition
(d) Quo-Warranto
83.
Match the following
List I List II
A. Railway is a
subject list of
1. Union List
B. Residuary powers
are vested with the
2. Union
Government
C. High Courts in
India were started at
3. Bombay,
Calcutta and
Madras
D. Enforcement of
Fundamental Rights
Supreme Court issues
4. Writs
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 2 3 4 1 (d) 1 3 4 2
84.
Which of the following rights was
described by Dr BR Ambedkar as
“The heart and soul of the
Constitution”?
(a) Right to Freedom of Religion
(b) Right of Property
(c) Right to Equality
(d) Right to Constitutional Remedies
85.
Which of the following Directive
Principles of State Policy come into
category of ‘liberal principles’?
1. The state shall endeavour to
secure a Uniform Civil Code
throughout the territory of India.
2. The state shall protect every
monument or place or object of
artistic or historic interest.
3. The state shall endeavour to
secure to all workers a living
wage and conditions of work
ensuring a decent standard of life.
4. The state shall take steps to
separate the judiciary from the
executive.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
86.
Which of the following are listed
among the Directive Principles in
Part IV?
1. Equal pay for equal work.
2. Uniform civil codes.
3. Small family norm.
4. Education through mother tongue
at primary level.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
87.
The Indian Parliament can invade a
State List, if
1. a subject in the State List
assumes a national importance.
2. a proclamation of emergency has
been issued by the President of
India.
3. the Supreme Court authorises the
Parliament to do so.
Select the correct answer using codes
given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 2 (d) Only 3
88.
The Bombay High Court does not
have a bench at which one of the
following places?
(a) Nagpur (b) Panaji
(c) Pune (d) Aurangabad
--- PAGE 1190 ---
89. Consider the following statements
1. Indian Constitution establishes
a secular state.
2. The state treats all religions
equally. Freedom of faith and
worship is allowed to all the
people.
3. Educational institutions,
without exception, are free to
impart religious instruction.
4. The state make no
discrimination on the basis of
the religion in matters of
employment.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
90.
The term ‘Social Justice’ has
enabled the Supreme Court of
India to uphold legislation
(a) to remove economic inequalities
(b) to provide a decent standard of
living to the working people
(c) to protect the interests of weaker
section of society
(d) All of the above
91. The Panchayati Raj is based on
the Principle of
(a) Decentralisation
(b) Deconcentration
(c) Democratic Centralism
(d) Democratic Decentralisation
92.
Which of the following emerges
clearly from Preamble ?
1. When the Constitution was
enacted.
2. The ideas that were to be
achieved.
3. The system of government.
4. The source of authority.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2, 3 and 4 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) All of these
93.
The Balwant Rai Mehta
Committee recommended which
one of the following Panchayati
Raj structures?
(a) Gram Panchayat at the village level
and Panchayat Samiti at the block
level only
(b) Panchayat Samiti at the block level
and Zilla Parishad at the district
level only
(c) Gram Panchayat at the village
level, Panchayat Samiti at the
block level and Zilla Parishad at
the district level
(d) Gram Panchayat at the village level
and Zilla Parishad at the district
level only
94.
Consider the following statement(s)
on Parliamentary Committees
1. Members of the Rajya Sabha are
not associated with the
Committees on Public Accounts
and Public Undertakings.
2. Members of the Committee on
Estimates are drawn from both
the Lok Sabha and the Rajya
Sabha.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
95.
Which of the following statement(s)
is/are correct?
Article 26 of the Constitution of
India states that subject to public
order, morality and health, every
religious denomination or any
section there of shall have the right
1. to establish and maintain
institutions for religious and
charitable purposes.
2. to manage its own affairs in
matters of religion.
3. to own and acquire movable and
immovable property.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
96.
By which among the following
amendments of the Constitution,
the territories of Goa, Daman and
Diu were incorporated in the
Indian Constitution?
(a) Constitution (10th) Amendment Act,
1961
(b) Constitution (12th) Amendment Act,
1962
(c) Constitution (14th) Amendment Act,
1962
(d) None of the above
97. Which among the following political
party of India has an election
symbol almost close to the election
symbol of Republican Party of
USA?
(a) Samajwadi party
(b) Bahujan Samaj party
(c) Janta Dal (United)
(d) Teluhudesam party
98.
Once a budget has been presented
in the Parliament, the government
has to get all money bills related to
the union budget passed within_?
(a) 30 days (b) 60 days
(c) 75 days (d) 90 days
99.
Which of the following provision(s)
of Constitution are non-justiciable,
that is not enforceable by the
courts?
1. Directive Principle of State
Policy.
2. The Preamble of Constitution
3. The Provision relating to
citizenship.
4. The Provision of 9th Schedule.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1
(b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4
(d) 1 and 2
100.
The functions of Estimates
Committee include
1. To suggest alternatively policies
in order to bring out efficiency
and economy in administration.
2. To see that the expenditure
confirms to the authority which
governs it.
3. To examine whether the money
is well laid out within the
limits of the policy implied in
the estimates.
4. To suggested the form, in
which estimates shall be
presented to the Parliament.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2
(b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 4
(d) All of the above
101.
Match the following
List I
(Functionaries)
List II
(Oaths and
Affirmations)
A. President of
India
1. Secrecy of
Information
B. Judges of
Supreme Court
2. Faithful discharge
of duties
C. Member of
Parliament of
India to the
Constitution
3. Faith and
Allegiance
D. Ministers of the
Union
4. Upholding the
Union Constitution
and the Law
Codes
A B C D
(a) 3 4 1 2
(b) 4 3 2 1
(c) 3 4 2 1
(d) 4 3 1 2
985GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1191 ---
986 CDS Pathfinder
102. Match the following
List I
(Articles)
List II
(Deals with)
A. Article 49 1. To preserve historical
monuments
B. Article 47 2. Prohibit the slaughter
of cow, calves and
other milk and
drought animals
C. Article 48 3. Prohibition of
intoxication
D. Article 40 4. Organisation of
Village Panchayats
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 1 3 2 4
(c) 4 2 1 3 (d) 4 3 2 1
103.
Match the following
List I
(Parts)
List II
(Deals with)
A. Part-III 1. The Panchayat
B. Part-IV A 2. Fundamental Rights
C. Part-IX 3. Directive Principle
D. Part-XI 4. Fundamental Duties
E. Part-IV 5. Union and States
Relationship
Codes
A B C D E
(a) 1 2 3 4 5
(b) 2 4 1 5 3
(c) 5 4 3 2 1
(d) 4 3 5 1 2
104.
Which of the following
statements are correct?
1. The Constitution does not fix
the number of members of the
UPSC.
2. One-half of the members of
the UPSC should be persons,
who have held office under
the Government of India or of
a state atleast for 5 years.
3. The Chairman and members
of the UPSC hold office for a
term of 5 years or until they
attain the age of 60 years.
4. The salaries and allowances of
the members of the UPSC are
determined by the Parliament.
5. The entire expanses of UPSC
are charged on the
Consolidated Fund of India.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2, 4 and 5 (b) 1 and 5
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) 1, 4 and 5
105.
Consider the following
1. Planning Commission
2. National Development Council
3. Indian Parliament
4. Finance Commission
Those associated in with the
planning process in India
include
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 4 (d) 3 and 4
106.
Consider the following
statements
The fundamental object of
Panchayati Raj System is to
ensure
1. people’s participation in
development
2. democratic decentralisation
3. financial mobilisation
4. political accountability
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) 1, 2 and 4
107.
Which of the following
statements with regard to the
CAG are correct?
1. He is responsible only to the
Parliament.
2. He certifies the net proceeds
of any tax.
3. He complies and maintains
the accounts of State
Government.
4. He has control over the issue
of money from the
Consolidated Fund of India.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 4 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) 2, 3 and 4
108.
The Governor of a State
1. possesses Executive
Legislative and judicial
powers analogous to the
President.
2. has to act with the aid and
advice of the Council of
Ministers always.
3. has the power to appoint and
remove the members of State
Public Service Commission.
4. has the power to allocate
business of the government
among the various ministers.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1 and 4 (d) 1, 3 and 4
109.
Who among the following was
the Finance Minister of India in
the Interim Government during
1946-1947?
(a) RK Shanmukham Chetty
(b) John Mathai
(c) Liaquat Ali Khan
(d) Chintamanrao Deshmukh
110. Match the following
List I
(Writs)
List II
(Meanings)
A. Mandamus 1. ‘By what warrant or
authority’
B. Habeas Corpus 2. ‘We command’
C. Qua Warranto 3. ‘To be certified’
D. Certiorari 4. ‘You may have the
body’
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 2 4 3 1
(c) 1 4 2 3 (d) 2 4 1 3
111.
Match the following
List I List II
A. The Council of Ministers
shall be collectively
responsible to the House
of People.
1. Article 74
B. Duties of the Prime
Minister towards the
President.
2. Article 77
C. Council of Ministers
to aid and advise the
President.
3. Article 76
D. All executive action
of the Government of
India shall be taken in the
name of the President.
4. Article 75
5. Article 78
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 5 1 3 (b) 3 2 4 1
(c) 4 5 1 2 (d) 3 4 1 2
112.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. Article 46 of the Constitution of
India provides for free legal aid
to Scheduled Castes and
Scheduled Tribes.
2. Article 14 of the Constitution of
India provides for equality before
law.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
113.
In the context of Panchayati Raj,
which one of the following is true
about Gram Sabha?
(a) This is the top most tier of the
Panchayati Raj
(b) It consists of all the voters
residing in the jurisdiction of a Village
Panchayat
(c) It is the executive body consisting of
selected representatives from Village
Panchayat
(d) It consists of all adult males of the
Village Panchayat
--- PAGE 1192 ---
114. With reference to the passage of
Money Bill in Indian
Parliament, which one of the
following statements is correct?
(a) The decision of the Union
Finance Minister is final on the
question whether a bill is Money
Bill or not
(b) A Money Bill can be introduced
only in the Lok Sabha
(c) After a Money Bill is passed by
Lok Sabha and transmitted to
Rajya Sabha, it should be
returned within one month
(d) When Rajya Sabha returns the
Money Bill with its
recommendations, the Lok Sabha
has to accept such
recommendations
115.
Which of the following are true
of the President’s ordering
making power?
1. It is laid down in Article 123.
2. Its ambit is co-extensive with
the legislative power of
Parliament.
3. He can promulgate an
ordinance only when the Lok
Sabha is not in session.
4. It is a discretionary power of
the President.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
116.
Which of the following are the
objectives of the National
Development Council?
1. To promote common economic
policies in all vital spheres.
2. To secure the co-operation of
states in the execution of the
Plan.
3. To review the working of the
Plan from time-to-time.
4. To consider important
questions of social and
economic policy affecting
development.
Select the correct answer using
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) All of these
117.
Which of the following
provisions of the Constitution of
India need the ratification by
the legislatures of not less than
one-half of the states to effect
amendment?
1. The manner of election of the
President of India.
2. Extent of the executive power
of the Union and the states.
3. Powers of the Supreme Court
and High Courts.
4. Any of the Lists in the 7th
Schedule.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) All of these
118.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Ministries Departments of
the Union Government are
created by the Prime Minister.
2. The Cabinet Secretary is the
Ex-officio Chairman of the
Civil Services Board.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
119.
With respect to Article 371 A of
the Constitution of India, the
Governor of which one of the
following states has special
responsibility with respect to
law and order of the State?
(a) Assam
(b) Manipur
(c) Nagaland
(d) Andhra Pradesh
120.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Chairman and the
members of the UPSC are
appointed by the President.
2. The Chairman and the
members of the UPSC are
eligible for further
employment under the
Government.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
121.
Which one among the following
statement(s) regarding the
constitutionally guaranteed
Right to Education in India is
correct?
(a) This right covers both child and
adult illiteracy and therefore,
universally guarantees education
to all citizens of India
(b) This right is a child right covering
the age group of 6 to 14 years
and becomes operational from
the year 2015
(c) This right has been taken from the
British Constitution which was the first
Welfare State in the world
(d) This right has been given to all
Indian children between the ages of
6 to 14 years under the 86th
Constitutional Amendment Act
122.
Which of the following statement(s)
regarding writ of certiorari is/are
correct?
1. There should be court, tribunal
or an officer having legal
authority to determine the
questions of deciding
Fundamental Rights with a duty
to act judicially.
2. Writ of certiorari is available
during the tendency of
proceedings before a subordinate
court.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
123.
The Veerapa Moily Commission in
its report on Administrative
Reforms among other aspects has
suggested doing away with which
one of the following pairs of Articles
of the Constitution of India?
(a) Articles 305 and 306
(b) Articles 307 and 308
(c) Articles 308 and 309
(d) Articles 310 and 311
124.
Which of the following feature(s)
is/are contrary to the norms of a
federal polity?
1. Common All India Service.
2. Single integrated judiciary.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
125.
Which among the following
statement(s) regarding Lord Ripon’s
plan for local self-government in
India is/are correct?
1. The district should be the
maximum area served by one
Committee or Local Board.
2. The Local Boards should consist
of a large majority of nominated
official members and be presided
over by an official member as
Chairman.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
987GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1193 ---
988 CDS Pathfinder
126. Which one among the following
is not true of the Planning
Commission?
(a) It is an advisory body and makes
recommendations to the Cabinet
(b) It is responsible for the execution
of development programmes and
plans
(c) It is responsible for formulation of
a plan for the most effective and
balanced utilisation of the
country’s resources
(d) It indicates the factors which tend
to retard economic development
127.
Which of the following is/are
elements of ‘annual financial
statement’ (budget)?
1. Ways and means to raise the
revenue.
2. Estimates of revenue and
capital reciepts.
3. Estimates of expenditure.
Codes
(a) Only 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
128.
Despite being a Republican
State, India is a member of the
Commonwealth of Nations
whose head is the British
Monarch. This is because
(a) this membership does not affect
the sovereign nature of the Indian
Republic
(b) this membership only shows that
the British ruled over India
(c) members of the association are
sovereign and independent
(d) it is a symbol of the unity among
the members of the association
129.
The President of India is elected
by a proportional representation
system through single
transferable vote. This implies
that
(a) each elected MP or MLA has an
equal number of votes
(b) MPs and MLAs of a State have
the same number of votes
(c) all MPs and MLAs have one vote
each
(d) MPs and MLAs of different states
have different numbers of votes
130. The original jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of India extends
to
(a) treaties and agreements signed
by the Government of India
(b) disputes between the Government
of India and one or more States
(c) disputes relating to implementation
of the Directive Principles of State
Policy
(d) a bill passed by the Parliament
which is violative of the
Constitution
131.
Which one among the following
is a function of the Pro-Tem
Speaker of the Lok Sabha?
(a) Conduct of the proceedings of
the house in the absence of the
Speaker
(b) To check if the election certificates
of the members of the house are
in order
(c) Swear in the members of the
house and hold the charge till a
regular Speaker is elected
(d) Give his assent to the bills
passed by the house
132.
Which of the following
statement(s) with regard to
Inter-State Council is/are
correct?
1. It was established under the
provisions of the Constitution
of India.
2. The Council is a
recommendatory body.
3. There is a standing committee
of the Council under the
Chairmanship of the Prime
Minister of India to process
matters for consideration of
the Council.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 3 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
133.
In India, the right to ‘freedom of
speech and expression’ is
restricted on the grounds of
1. the sovereignty and integrity
of India.
2. contempt of court.
3. friendly relation with foreign
states.
4. protection of minorities.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2, 3 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 1, 2 and 4
134.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are correct?
1. In India, the constitutional
remedy under Article 32 is
available only in case of
Fundamental Rights, not in
the case of rights which follow
from some other provision in
the Constitution.
2. Both the Supreme Court and
High Courts can issue the writs
of habeas corpus, mandamus,
prohibition, certiorari and quo
warranto only for the purpose of
enforcement of Fundamental
Rights.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
135.
Why is political power sharing
through different levels of
government desirable in a
democracy?
1. It helps to reduce the possibility
of conflict between various social
groups.
2. It decreases the possibility of
arbitrary decision-making.
3. It prompts people’s participation
at different levels of government.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 3 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
136.
Which of the following statement(s)
is/are correct?
1. A registered voter in India can
contest an election to Lok Sabha
from any constituency in India.
2. As per the Representation of the
People Act, 1951, if a person is
convicted of any offence and
sentenced to an imprisonment of
2 years or more, he will be
disqualified to contest election.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
137.
The impeachment of the President
of India can be initiated in
(a) either house of the Parliament
(b) a joint siting of both houses of the
Parliament
(c) the Lok Sabha alone
(d) the Rajya Sabha alone
138. Consider the following statements
about the Attorney-General of
India?
1. He is appointed by the President
of India.
2. He has the right to take part in
the proceeding of the Parliament.
3. He has the right of audience in
all courts in India.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
--- PAGE 1194 ---
139. Who of the following constitutes
a Finance Commission for a
State in India?
(a) The President of India
(b) The Governor of the State
(c) The Union Finance Minister
(d) The Union Cabinet
140. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Annual Appropriation Bill
is passed by the Lok Sabha
in the same manner as any
other Bill.
2. An amendment to the
Constitution of India can be
initiated by an introduction of
a Bill in either Lok Sabha or
Rajya Sabha.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
141.
Which one of the following is the
subject of the Narasimhan
Committee Reports of years
1991 and 1998?
(a) Administrative Reforms
(b) Banking Reforms
(c) Constitutional Reforms
(d) Electoral Reforms
142.
Assertion (A) The number of
the Members of the Union
Public Service Commission is
preserved in the Constitution of
India.
Reason (R) The Union Public
Service Commission was
constituted under the provisions
in the Constitution of India.
Codes
(a) Both A and R are true and R is
the correct explanation of A
(b) Both A and R are true, but R is
not the correct explanation of A
(c) A is true, but R is false
(d) A is false, but R is true
143. Who was the President of India
at the time of proclamation of
emergency in the year 1976?
(a) VV Giri
(b) Giani Zail Singh
(c) Fakhr-ud-din Ali Ahmad
(d) Shankar Dayal Sharma
144.
Which one of the following
statement(s) is not correct?
(a) The Vice-President of India holds
office for a period of 5 years
(b) The Vice-President of India can
be removed by a simple majority
of votes passed in the Rajya
Sabha only
(c) The Vice-President of India
continues to be in office even
after the expiry of his term till his
successor takes over
(d) The Supreme Court of India has
to look into all disputes with
regard to the election of the
Vice-President of India
145.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. A Money Bill cannot be
introduced in the Council of
States.
2. The Council of States cannot
reject a Money Bill nor
amend it.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
146.
For which one of the following
Judgements of the Supreme
Court of India, the Kesavananda
Bharati vs State of India case is
considered a landmark?
(a) The religion cannot be mobilised
for political ends
(b) Abolishing untouchability from the
country
(c) The basic structures of the
Constitution, as defined in the
Preamble, cannot be changed
(d) Right to life and liberty cannot be
suspended under any
circumstance
147.
Who among the following Indian
Prime Ministers resigned before
facing a vote of no-confidence in
the Lok Sabha?
(a) Chandra Shekhar
(b) Morarji Desai
(c) Chaudhary Charan Singh
(d) VP Singh
148.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The total elective membership
of the Lok Sabha is
distributed among the states
on the basis of the population
and the area of the State.
2. The 84th Amendment Act of
the Constitution of India
lifted the freeze on the
delimitation of constituencies
imposed by the 42nd
Amendment.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
149.
Which one of the following is a
human right as well as a
Fundamental Rights under the
Constitution of India?
(a) Right to Information
(b) Right to Education
(c) Right to Work
(d) Right to Housing
150.
Under which of the following
conditions can citizenship be
provided in India?
1. One should be born in India.
2. Either of whose parents was born
in India
3. Who has been a resident of India
for not less than 5 years.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 2
(c) All of these (d) None of these
151.
Which one of the following
International Human Rights
Instruments has been signed by
India but not yet ratified?
(a) Convention on the rights of the child
(b) Convention on the elimination of all
forms of discrimination against
women
(c) Convention on the political rights of
women
(d) Convention on the nationality of
married women
152.
The Constitution (74th)
Amendment Act makes mention of
the
(a) composition of the National
Development Council
(b) structure of the Planning Commission
of India
(c) functions of the State Finance
Commission
(d) functions of the Kaveri Water
Authority
153. Consider the following statement(s)
with respect to the Comptroller and
Auditor General of India
1. He shall only be removed from
office in like manner and on the
ground as a Judge of the
Supreme Court.
2. He shall not be eligible for
further office either under the
Government of India or under
the Government of any State
after he has ceased to hold his
office.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
989GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1195 ---
990 CDS Pathfinder
154. Under which of the following
condition(s) security deposits of a
candidate contesting for a Lok
Sabha seat is returned to
him/her?
1. The nomination made by the
candidate if found to be invalid.
2. The candidate has withdrawn
his/her nomination even though
it is found valid.
3. The candidate lost the polls but
secured l/6th of the total
number of valid votes polled in
that election.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
155.
If the Prime Minister is a member
of the Rajya Sabha
(a) he/she has to get elected to the
Lok Sabha within 6 months
(b) he/she can declare the
government’s policies only in the
Rajya Sabha
(c) he/she cannot take part in the
voting when a vote of no
confidence is under consideration
(d) he/she cannot take part in the
budget deliberation in the Lok
Sabha
156.
The function of a Protem Speaker
is to
(a) conduct the proceeding of the
house in the absence of the
Speaker
(b) officiate as Speaker when the
Speaker is unlikely to be elected
(c) swear members and hold charge till
a regular Speaker is elected
(d) scrutinise the authenticity of the
election certificates of members
157.
Which one of the following
right(s) conferred by the
Constitution of India is also
available to non-citizens?
(a) Freedom of speech, assembly and
form association
(b) Freedom to move, reside and settle
in any part of the territory of India
(c) Freedom to acquire property or to
carry on any occupation, trade or
business
(d) Right to constitutional remedies
158.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. A person who was born on
26th January, 1951 in Rangoon,
whose father was a citizen of
India by birth at the time of
his birth is deemed to be an
Indian citizen by descent.
2. A person who was born on
1st July, 1988 in Itanagar,
whose mother is a citizen of
India at the time of his birth,
but the father was not, is
deemed to be a citizen of
India by birth.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
159.
Consider the following about
‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao’
scheme
1. The scheme was launched on
22nd January, 2015 from
Panipat, Haryana.
2. The scheme was initiated with
an initial corpus of ` 100
crore.
Which of the scheme(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
160.
Identify the correct sequence of
passing a Budget in the
Parliament.
(a) Vote on Account, Finance Bill,
Appropriation Bill, Discussion on
Budget
(b) Finance Bill, Appropriation Bill,
Discussion on Budget, Vote on
Accounts
(c) Discussion on Budget, Vote on
Account, Finance Bill,
Appropriation Bill
(d) Discussion on Budget,
Appropriation Bill, Finance Bill, Vote
on Account
161.
Which one of the following states
does not have Vidhan Parishad?
(a) Bihar (b) Maharashtra
(c) Tamil Nadu (d) Uttar Pradesh
162.
Who among the following Indian
Prime Minister(s) could not vote
for himself during the ‘Vote of
Confidence’ that he was seeking
from the Lok Sabha?
(a) VP Singh
(b) PV Narasimha Rao
(c) Chandra Sekhar
(d) Manmohan Singh
163.
According to the Constitution
(52nd Amendment Act, 1985 as
amended in 2003, a legislator
attracts disqualification under
the 10th Schedule if
1. he voluntarily gives up the
membership of the party on
whose ticket he was elected.
2. he votes or abstains from
voting contrary to any direction
issued by his political party.
3. as a result of split, less than
one third of the members
formed a new group or party in
the house.
4. a member who has been elected
as a independent member joins
any political party.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
164.
The quorum for joint sitting of the
Indian Parliament is
(a) one-twelveth of the total number of
members of the house
(b) one-sixth of the total number of
members of the house
(c) one-tenth of the total number of
members of the house
(d) two-third of the total number of
members of the house
165. Which one of the following
jurisdictions of the Indian
judiciary covers Public Interest
Litigation?
(a) Original Jurisdiction
(b) Appellate Jurisdiction
(c) Epistolary Jurisdiction
(d) Advisory Jurisdiction
166.
In India, the Supreme Command
of the Armed Forces is vested in
the President. This means that in
the exercise of this power
(a) he/she cannot be regulated by law
(b) he/she shall be regulated by law
(c) during war, the President seeks
advice only from the Chiefs of the
Armed Forces
(d) during war the President can
suspended the Fundamental Rights
of citizens
167.
Which of the following would be
construed as a reasonable
restriction of the ‘right to
freedom’?
(a) When the state disallows a
candidate from securing votes in
the name of religion
(b) When the state disallows citizens
from forming a club out of state
funds that denies access to women
(c) When the Government of Nagaland
disallows temporary residents to
buy immovable property in
Nagaland
(d) All of the above
--- PAGE 1196 ---
168. The 73rd Amendment of the
Constitution provided
constitutional status to the
Panchayati Raj Institutions.
Which of the following are the
main features of this provision?
1. A three-tier system of
Panchayati Raj for all states.
2. Panchayat election in every 5
years.
3. Not less than 33% of seats
are reserved for women.
4. Constitution of district
planning committees to
prepare development plans.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) 2, 3 and 4
169.
The Sachar Committee Report
pertains to
(a) Indian federalism
(b) Economic development of
backward regions
(c) Indian Muslims
(d) OBC’s
170. Who among the following
recommends to the Parliament
for the abolition of the
Legislative Council in a State?
(a) The President of India
(b) The Governor of the concerned
State
(c) The Legislative Council of the
concerned State
(d) The Legislative Assembly of the
concerned State
171. In which of the following years
the Fundamental Duties have
been added to the existent
Fundamental Rights in the
Constitution of India?
(a) 1965 (b) 1976
(c) 1979 (d) 1982
172.
Consider the following
statement(s) with respect to the
Attorney General of India
1. He is appointed by the
President.
2. He must have the same
qualifications as are required
by a Judge of High Court.
3. In the performance of his
duties he shall have the right
of audience in all courts of
India.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1
(b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3
(d) All of the above
173.
Match the following
List I
(Provisions of the
Constitution of
India)
List II
(Sources)
A. Amendment of
the Constitution
1. Constitution of
Germany
B. Directive
Principles
2. Constitution of
Canada
C. Emergency
Power of the
President
3. Constitution of
South Africa
D. The Union-State
Relations
4. Irish
Constitution
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 4 3 (b) 3 4 1 2
(c) 1 4 2 3 (d) 3 1 4 2
174.
According to Article 164(1) of
the Constitution of India, in
three States there shall be a
Minister in charge of tribal
welfare, who may in addition be
in charge of the welfare of the
Scheduled Castes and Backward
Classes. Which one of the
following states is not covered
by the Article?
(a) Jharkhand
(b) Punjab
(c) Madhya Pradesh
(d) Odisha
175.
Which one of the following is the
correct chronological order of
the tenures of the following
Presidents of Indian National
Congress?
(a) Jagjivan Ram (b) K Kamaraj
(c) PD Tandon (d) UN Dhebar
Codes
(a) 1, 2, 4, 3 (b) 2, 3, 4, 1
(c) 3, 4, 2, 1 (d) 3, 4, 1, 2
176.
Who among the following was the
first Speaker of the Lok Sabha?
(a) MA Ayyangar
(b) GV Mavalankar
(c) Sardar Hukam Singh
(d) N Sanjiva Reddy
177.
Consider the following
Vice-Presidents of India
1. VV Giri
2. M Hidayatullah
3. BD Jatti
4. GS Pathak
Which one of the following is the
correct chronology of their tenures?
(a) 1, 4, 3, 2 (b) 2, 1, 3, 4
(c) 3, 2, 1, 4 (d) 4, 1, 3, 2
178.
In which one of the following
Ministries the census organisation
has been functioning on a
permanent footing since, 1961?
(a) Health and Family Welfare
(b) Home Affairs
(c) Social Justice and Empowerment
(d) Human Resource Development
179. Which of the following is not a
recommendation of the Ashok Mehta
Committee on Panchayati Raj ?
(a) Open participation of political parties
in Panchayati Raj affairs
(b) Creation of a three-tier system
(c) Reservation of seats for Scheduled
Castes and Scheduled Tribes
(d) Compulsory powers of taxation to
Panchayati Raj Institution
180. With reference to the Constitution
of India, which one of the following
pair(s) is not correctly matched
Subject List
(a) Stock Exchanges : The State List
(b) Forest : The Concurrent List
(c) Insurance : The Union List
(d) Marriage and
Divorce
: The Concurrent List
991GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1197 ---
992 CDS Pathfinder
2012 (I)
1. Which one among the following is
a Fundamental Duty of citizens
under the Constitution of India?
(a) To provide friendly co-operation to
the people of the neighbouring
countries
(b) To protect monuments of national
importance
(c) To defend the country and render
national service when called upon
to do so
(d) To know more and more about the
history of India
2.
Take the case of dignity and
equal rights for women. How do
democracies help?
(a) Women in democracies have equal
degree of political representation in
legislatures
(b) Women in democracies have
guaranteed rights and are always
treated with respect
(c) Women in democracies are not
subjected sex discrimination in
most aspects of social life
(d) In democracies, the principle of
equality is accepted as legal norm,
which makes it easier to guarantee
their freedom and dignity
3.
The Constitution of India is
republican because it
(a) provides for an elected Parliament
(b) provides for adult franchise
(c) contains a bill of rights
(d) has no hereditary elements
4. Which among the following
conditions are necessary for the
issue of writ of quo warranto ?
1. The office must be public and
must be created by a Statute
or by the Constitution itself.
2. The office must be a
substantive one and not
merely the function or
employment of a servant at
the will and during the
pleasure of another.
3. There has been a contravention
of the Constitution or a Statute
or Statutory Instrument, in
appointing such person to that
office.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
5.
Under which law it is prescribed
that all proceedings in the
Supreme Court of India shall be
in English language?
(a) The Supreme Court Rules, 1966
(b) A Legislation made by the
Parliament
(c) Article 145 of the Constitution of
India
(d) Article 348 of the Constitution of
India
6. Consider the following
statement(s)
According to Hindu Law,
marriage is defined as
1. a contract
2. a sacrament
3. mutual understanding
4. indissoluble
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 2 and 4
7.
Which one among the following
statement(s) is not correct?
The word ‘socialist’ in the
Preamble of the Constitution of
India read with
(a) Article 39 (d), would enable the
court to uphold the constitutionality
of nationalisation laws
(b) Article 14, would enable the court
to strike down a-statute which
failed to achieve the socialist goal
to the fullest extent
(c) Article 25, would enable the court
to ensure freedom guaranteed
under that Article
(d) Article 23, would enable the court
to reduce inequality of income and
status
8.
Suppose a Legislation was passed
by the Parliament imposing
certain restrictions on
newspapers. These included page
ceiling, price and advertisements.
The legislation is included in the
Ninth Schedule to the
Constitution of India. In this context,
which one among the following
statement(s) is correct?
(a) The legislation is invalid as it violates
the Freedom of Press
(b) The legislation is valid by virtue of
Article 31 B
(c) The legislation is invalid as it imposes
unreasonable restrictions under Article
19 (2) of the Constitution
(d) The legislation is valid as the Press is
not a citizen under Article 19 of the
Constitution
9.
With regard to the powers of the
Rajya Sabha, which one among the
following statement(s) is not correct?
(a) A Money Bill cannot be introduced in
the Rajya Sabha
(b) The Rajya Sabha has no power either
to reject or amend a Money Bill
(c) The Rajya Sabha cannot discuss the
Annual Financial Statement
(d) The Rajya Sabha has no power to
vote on the Demands for Grants
10. Which one among the following is the
distinguishing factor between a
pressure group and a political party?
(a) Pressure groups are confined to a few,
while political parties involve larger
number of people
(b) Pressure groups do not seek active
political power, political parties do
(c) Pressure groups do not politically
motivate people, while political parties
do
(d) Political parties take political stance,
while pressure groups do not bother
about political issues
11.
There are different arguments given
in favour of power sharing in a
democratic political system. Which
one of the following is not one of
them?
(a) It reduces conflict among different
communities
(b) Majority community does not impose
its will on others
(c) Since, all are affected by the policies
of the government, they should be
consulted in the governance of the
country
(d) It speeds up the decision- making
process and improves the chances of
unity of the country
QUESTIONS FROM
CDS EXAM (2012-2016)
--- PAGE 1198 ---
12. While a proclamation of
emergency is in operation the
duration of the Lok Sabha can be
extended for a period
(a) not exceeding 3 months
(b) not exceeding 9 months
(c) of 1 year at a time
(d) of 2 years at a time
13.
Which one among the following
pairs of level of government and
legislative power is not correctly
matched?
(a) Central Government : Union List
(b) Local Governments : Residuary
Powers
(c) State Governments : State List
(d) Central and State
Government
: Concurrent
List
14.
The purpose of Directive
Principles of State Policy is to
(a) lay down positive instructions
which would guide State Policy at
all levels
(b) implement Gandhiji’s idea for a
decentralised state
(c) check the use of arbitrary powers
by the government
(d) promote welfare of the backward
sections of the society
15.
Which of the following
condition(s) must be fulfilled by
the NRIs to be eligible to vote in
elections in India?
1. They must be physically
present in their place of origin
to exercise their franchise.
2. NRIs whether they have
acquired citizenship of other
countries or not are eligible to
vote.
3. Eligible NRIs have to register
by filling up form 6-A with
electoral registration office.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 2 (d) All of these
16.
The Kamraj Plan was a plan
formulated in 1963 by then
(a) Union Cabinet Minister, whereby a
new Constitution for the Indian
National Congress was proposed
(b) Chief Minister of Madras, whereby
the senior ministers were asked to
leave government and work to
rejuvenate the party
(c) Chief Minister of Madras, whereby
a new set of principles for
accepting donations for the party
work was proposed
(d) Chief Minister of Madras to root
out corruption from India
17.
Which one among the following is
not guaranteed by the
Constitution of India?
(a) Freedom to move freely throughout
the country
(b) Freedom to assemble peacefully
without arms
(c) Freedom to own, acquire and
dispose property anywhere in the
country
(d) Freedom to practice any trade or
profession
18.
The Constitution of India divided
the states of India in categories
A, B, C and D in the year 1950. In
this context, which of the
following statement(s) is correct?
(a) The Chief Commissioner was the
executive head of category A
states. The Rajpramukh was the
executive head of category B
states. The Governor was the
executive head of categories C
and D states
(b) The Rajpramukh was the executive
head of category A states. The
Chief Commissioner was the
executive head of categories B
and C states. The Governor was
the executive head of the category
D states
(c) The Governor was the executive
head of category A states. The
Rajpramukh was the executive
head of category B states. The
Chief Commissioner was the
executive head of categories C
and D states
(d) The Governor was the executive
head of category A states. The
Chief Commissioner was the
executive head of category B
states. The Rajpramukh was the
executive head of categories C
and D states
19.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are correct?
Under the provisions of Article
200 of the Constitution of India
the Governor of a State may
1. withhold his assent to a bill
passed by the State
Legislature.
2. reserve the bill passed by the
State Legislature for
consideration of the President.
3. return the bill, other than a
Money Bill, for reconsideration
of the legislature.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
20.
Which of the following are envisaged
as being part of the ‘Right against
Exploitation’ in the Constitution of
India?
1. Prohibition of traffic in human
beings and forced labour.
2. Abolition of untouchability.
3. Protection of the interests of the
minorities.
4. Prohibition of employment of
children in factories and mines.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 1 and 4 (d) 2, 3 and 4
21.
In which one of the following cases,
the Supreme Court of India gave
verdicts which have a direct bearing
on the Centre-State relations?
(a) Keshavananda Bharati case
(b) Vishakha case
(c) SR Bommai case
(d) Indira Sawhney case
22. Consider the following statements
about the powers of the President of
India.
1. The President can direct that any
matter on which decision has
been taken by a Minister should
be placed before the Council of
Ministers.
2. The President can call all
information relating to proposals
for legislation.
3. The President has the right to
address and send messages to
either House of the Parliament.
4. Decisions of the Council of
Ministers relating to the
administration of the Union must
be communicated to the President.
Which of the statements given above
are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
23.
With reference to the conduct of
government business in the
Parliament of India, the term
‘closure’ refers to
(a) suspension of debate at the
termination of a day’s sitting of the
Parliament
(b) a rule of legislative procedure under
which further debate on a motion can
be halted
(c) the termination of a Parliamentary
session
(d) refusal on the part of the Government
to have the opposition look at
important documents
993GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1199 ---
994 CDS Pathfinder
24. According to the
Administrative Tribunal Act,
1985, the Central
Administrative Tribunal
adjudicates disputes and
complaints with respect to the
service of persons who are
(a) appointed to public services
and posts in connection with
the affairs of the Union except
members of the Defence
services
(b) official and servants of the
Supreme Court or any High
Courts
(c) members of the Secretarial staff
of the Parliament or any state
legislatures
(d) members of the Defence
services
25.
Which of the following
statement(s) with respect to
the judiciary in India is/are
correct?
1. Unlike in the United States,
India has not provided for
a double system of courts.
2. Under the Constitution of
India, there is a single
integrated system of courts
for the Union as well as
the states.
3. The organisation of the
subordinate judiciary varies
slightly from state to state.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
26.
Which of the following
Committees are the
Committees of Parliament?
1. Public Accounts Committee.
2. Estimates Committee.
3. Committee on Public
Undertakings.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
27.
The Chief Election
Commissioner of India holds
office for a period of
(a) 6 years
(b) during the pleasure of the
President
(c) for 6 years or till the age of 65
years, whichever is earlier
(d) for 5 years or till the age of 60
years, whichever is earlier
2012 (II)
28. The writ of Prohibition is issued by a
superior court
(a) to prevent an inferior court or tribunal
from exceeding its jurisdiction or
acting contrary to the rules of natural
justice
(b) to an inferior court or body exercising
judicial or quasi-judicial functions to
transfer the record to proceedings in a
case for its review
(c) where it can call upon a person to
show under what authority he/she is
holding the office
(d) to an authority to produce an illegally
detained person before the court for
trial
29.
Which one among the following is not
included in the Fundamental Rights
embodied in the Constitution of
India?
(a) Right to Equality
(b) Right to Freedom
(c) Right against Exploitation
(d) Right to Information
30.
Consider the following statement(s)
relating to the procedure of the
election of the Speaker and the
Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
1. The election of a Speaker shall be
held on such date as the Prime
Minister may fix and the
Secretary General shall send to
every member notice of this date.
2. The election of a Deputy Speaker
shall be held on such date as the
Speaker may fix and the
Secretary General shall send to
every member notice of this date.
3. At anytime before noon on the
day preceding the date so fixed,
any member may give notice in
writing of a motion that another
member be chosen as the Deputy
Speaker of the House.
Which of the statement(s) given above
is/are correct?
(a) 2 and 3 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
31.
Which one among the following is not
a Fundamental Duty of the citizen of
India?
(a) To develop scientific temper, humanism
and the spirit of inquiry and reform
(b) To safeguard public property and to
abjure violence
(c) To uphold and protect the sovereignty,
unity and integrity of India
(d) To practice family planning and to
control population
32. Which one among the following writs
literally means you may have the
body?
(a) Certiorari
(b) Habeas Corpus
(c) Mandamus
(d) Quo Warranto
33.
Which one among the following is
not a recommendation of the
Sarkaria Commission on the
appointment of the Governor in a
state?
(a) He/She must not have participated in
active politics atleast for sometime
before his/her appointment as
Governor
(b) The Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court may be consulted by the
President in selecting a Governor
(c) The Governor’s term of office of
5 years should not be disturbed
except very rarely
(d) The Governor should not be the native
of the state
34.
Which one among the following
statement(s) about the functioning
of political parties in a democracy is
not correct?
(a) Political parties give political education
to the people
(b) Political parties serve as a link
between the government and the
people
(c) Political parties fight elections and try
to get the maximum number of their
candidates elected
(d) None of the above
35.
Delimitation of constituencies and
determination of constituencies
reserved for Scheduled Castes and
Scheduled Tribes are done by
(a) Election Commission
(b) Delimitation Commission
(c) Planning Commission
(d) Election Commission with the
assistance of Delimitation Commission
36. With reference to Lok Adalats,
which one among the following
statement(s) is correct?
(a) Lok Adalats have the jurisdiction to
settle the matters at pre-litigative state
and not those matters pending before
any court
(b) Lok Adalats can deal with matters
which are civil and not criminal in
nature
(c) Lok Adalats has not been given any
statutory status so far
(d) No appeal lies in a civil court against
the order of the Lok Adalat
--- PAGE 1200 ---
37. Which among the following
provision(s) of the Constitution of
India is/are fulfilled by the
National Social Assistance
Programme launched by the
Government of India?
1. Fundamental Rights.
2. Fundamental Duties.
3. Directive Principles of State
Policy.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
38.
Consider the following
statement(s)
1. In India, only two Union
Territories have Legislative
Assemblies.
2. Mizoram, Nagaland and
Meghalaya, the three
North-Eastern States of India,
have only one seat each in the
Lok Sabha.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
39.
The Rights to Information means
and includes
1. inspection of documents.
2. taking out files from office to
any place desired by the
applicant.
3. taking photograph of files.
4. obtaining information in tapes.
Which of the statement(s) given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) All of these
40.
Match the following
List I
(Acts)
List II
(Features)
A.The Indian
Councils Act, 1892
1. Introduction of
provincial
autonomy
B.The Indian
Councils Act, 1909
2. Introduction of the
principle of
election
C.The Government
of India Act, 1919
3. Introduction of
diarchy in
provinces
D.The Government
of India Act, 1935
4. Introduction of
separate
electorate for the
Muslims
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 3 1 (b) 1 3 4 2
(c) 2 3 4 1 (d) 1 4 3 2
41.
The Instrument of Instructions
contained in the Government of
India Act, 1935 has been
incorporated in the Constitution
of India in the year 1950 as
(a) Fundamental Rights
(b) Directive Principles of State Policy
(c) Extent of Executive Power of State
(d) Conduct of business of the
Government of India
42. The Speaker of the Lok Sabha
may be removed from office by
(a) the majority party in the house
adopting a no-confidence motion
(b) a resolution passed by not less
than half of the total membership
of the house
(c) a resolution passed by atleast
two-thirds of the total membership
of the house
(d) a resolution passed by a majority
of all the members of the house
43.
What is/are the major
difference(s) between a written
and an unwritten Constitution?
1. A written Constitution is the
formal source of all
Constitutional Laws in the
country and the unwritten
Constitution is not the formal
source.
2. A written Constitution is
entirely codified whereas an
unwritten Constitution is not.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
44.
In the Rajya Sabha, the states
have been given seats
(a) in accordance with their population
(b) equally
(c) on the basis of population and
economic position
(d) on the basis of present economic
status
45. The Preamble is useful in
constitutional interpretation
because it
(a) uses value loaded words
(b) contains the real objective and
philosophy of the Constitution
makers
(c) is a source of power and limitation
(d) gives and exhaustive list of basic
features of the Constitution
46.
Which one among the following is
not an attribute of sustainability
of Indian democratic model?
(a) Unity in diversity in socio-cultural
patterns
(b) Sustained economic growth specially
after the 1990s
(c) Regular elections in the centre and
states since, 1950s
(d) A strong industrial base with a vibrant
federal structure
2013 (I)
47. Consider the following statement(s)
regarding e-courts, launched recently
in India
1. They will facilitate hearing of
cases via video conferencing.
2. They will follow the same
procedures that are laid out for
the bench for hearing appeals in
an open court.
Which of the statement(s) given above
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
48.
Besides representation, the
Parliament of India is also a
deliberative body with diverse
functions. Which one among the
following is not a function of the
Parliament of India?
(a) Ventilating the grievances of the people
(b) Executing major policy decisions
(c) Holding the government accountable
for its actions and expenditure
(d) Amending the Constitution
49. Which one among the following
statement(s) is not correct?
(a) The right conferred by Article 32
cannot be suspended except by virtue
of Article 359 (1) of the Constitution of
India
(b) The enforcement of Articles 20 and 21
cannot be suspended
(c) Punishments can be prescribed by a
State Legislation for offences under
Part III of the Constitution of India
(d) The Fundamental Rights can be
abrogated by law made by the
Parliament with regard to members of
the forces charged with the
maintenance of public order
50.
The Government of India Act, 1919
1. established a bicameral legislature
at the centre.
2. introduced dyarchy in the
provincial executive.
3. introduced a Federal System of
Government in India.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
995GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1201 ---
996 CDS Pathfinder
51. Which one among the following is
a Fundamental Duty of citizens
under the Constitution of India?
(a) To provide friendly cooperation to
the people of the neighbouring
countries
(b) To visit the monuments of national
importance
(c) To defend the country and render
national service when called upon
to do so
(d) To know more and more about the
religions of India
52.
India’s Look East Policy was
conceived in the early 1990s at a
time when India was in the
process of adjusting to the
post-cold war watershed changes
in the international geostrategic
environment. The Look East
Policy
1. reflects both historical
imperatives and contemporary
compulsion of the post-cold
war new world order.
2. seeks to optimise India’s
synergies in the extended
Asia-Pacific neighbourhood.
3. has led to India’s participation
in Asia-Pacific forums like
ASEAN, East Asia Summit,
BIMSTEC and other
institutions.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 2 (d) All of these
53.
Which one among the following
committees of the Parliament of
India has no members of the
Rajya Sabha?
(a) Public Accounts Committee
(b) Estimates Committee
(c) Public Undertakings Committee
(d) Departmentally Related Standing
Committee on Finance
54. Which one among the following is
not a constitutional body in
India?
(a) Comptroller and Auditor General
(b) National Commissioner for religious
and Linguistic Minorities
(c) National Commission for Scheduled
Castes
(d) National Human Rights
Commission
55. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. The Anti-Defection Law bans
an elected member from voting
against the explicit mandate of
his/her party.
2. The Anti-Defection provisions
do not apply if one-third of
the members of a party
disobey the mandate of the
party and constitute
themselves as a separate
party.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
56.
The Constituent Assembly of India
convened to prepare the
Constitution of India appointed a
sub-committee headed by
Gopinath Bordoloi. Which of the
following recommendation(s)
was/were made by the committee?
1. Fifth Schedule for the
North-East Frontier (Asom)
Tribal and Excluded Areas.
2. Constitution of District
Councils in all autonomous
districts of Asom.
3. Sixth Schedule for the
North-East Frontier (Asom)
Tribal and Excluded Areas.
4. Demarcation of territories in
North-East India.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) Only 4
57.
How does participatory budgeting
seek to make the functioning of
local governance institutions
more transparent and
accountable?
1. By allowing citizens to
deliberate and negotiate over
the distribution of public
resources.
2. By allowing citizens to play a
direct role in deciding how and
where resources should be
spent.
3. By allowing historically
excluded citizens with access
to important decision-making
venues.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
58.
The Parliament of India passed
the Panchayats Extension to
Scheduled Areas Law popularly
known as PESA Law. Which one
among the following statement(s)
regarding PESA Law is not
correct?
(a) PESA was meant to provide self-
governance in the Scheduled Areas
(b) PESA disempowers Gram Sabhas
(c) PESA protects the interests of the
tribals
(d) PESA conducts public hearings to
protect inheritance rights of the tribals
59. Which one among the following
countries redefined the principles of
‘Panchashila’ for the purpose of
domestic politics?
(a) Ghana (b) China
(c) Indonesia (d) Sri Lanka
2013 (II)
60.
The Planning Commission of India
was constituted
(a) under constitutional provision with
specific mention for it
(b) through an Act of Parliament
(c) through a cabinet decision in this
regard
(d) through constitutional amendment
61. In the SR Bommai vs Union of India
case, which one among the following
features of the Constitution of India
was upheld by the Supreme Court as
a basic structure?
(a) Liberalism
(b) Secularism
(c) Dignity of the human person
(d) Freedom of religion
62.
Which of the following freedoms is
not specifically mentioned in the
Constitution of India as a
Fundamental Right, but has been
subsequently upheld by the Supreme
Court as such?
(a) Freedom of trade, occupation and
business
(b) Freedom to reside and settle in any
part of the country
(c) Freedom of association and union
(d) Freedom of the press
63. Match the following
List I
(Commissions/Com
mittees)
List II
(Mandates)
A. Sachar Committee 1. Anti-Sikh Riots, 1984
B. Srikrishna
Commission
2. Socio-economic and
educational
conditions of
Muslims in India
C. Ranganath
Misra Commission
3. Bombay Communal
Riots, 1992
D. Nanavati
Commission
4. Linguistic and
religious minorities in
India
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 4 1 (b) 2 4 3 1
(c) 1 4 3 2 (d) 1 3 4 2
--- PAGE 1202 ---
64. The Judge of the High Courts in
India is administered oath of
office by
(a) the Chief Justice of the High
Court
(b) the Governor of the State
(c) the President of India
(d) the Chief Justice of India
65. Among the following ideals and
philosophy, identify those
enshrined in the Preamble to
the Constitution of India.
1. Sovereign democratic republic.
2. Socialism and secularism.
3. Capitalism and free trade.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
66.
Which of the following pair(s) of
constitutional authority and
procedure of appointment is/are
correctly matched?
1. President : Elected by an
electoral college consisting of
elected MLAs and MPs
2. Vice-President : Elected by
an electoral college consisting
of MLAs and MPs
3. Speaker : The House of
People chooses after its first
sitting
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 1
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
67.
Which of the following
statement(s) is not correct?
(a) A Money Bill shall not be
introduced in the Council of
States
(b) The Council of States has no
power to reject or amend a
Money Bill
(c) The Council of Ministers is
responsible to the House of the
People and not to the Council of
States
(d) The House of the People has
special powers with respect to
the State List compared to the
Council of States
68.
Electoral disputes arising out of
Presidential and
Vice-Presidential Elections are
settled by
(a) Election Commission of India
(b) Joint Committee of Parliament
(c) Supreme Court of India
(d) Speaker of Lok Sabha
69. Power of the Supreme Court of
India to decide the dispute between
centre and state falls under
(a) advisory jurisdiction
(b) original jurisdiction
(c) appellate jurisdiction
(d) constitutional jurisdiction
70.
The Governor may recommend the
imposition of the President's rule
in the state
(a) on the recommendation of the State
Legislature
(b) on the recommendation of the
President
(c) on the recommendation of the Chief
Minister
(d) if he is convinced that the
Government of the State cannot be
carried on in accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution of
India
2014 (I)
71.
Certain bills cannot be introduced
or proceeded with unless the
recommendation of the President is
received. However, no
recommendation is required in
some other cases. In which one of
the following cases such
recommendation is not required?
(a) For introduction of bills and for
moving amendments relating to
financial matters
(b) For introduction of a bill relating to
formation of new states or of
alternation of areas of existing states
(c) For moving of an amendment
making provision for the reduction or
abolition of any tax
(d) For introduction of a bill or moving
of an amendment affecting taxation
in which states are interested
72.
‘The Draft Constitution as framed
only provides a machinery for the
government of the country. It is
not a contrivance to install any
particular party in power as has
been done in some countries. Who
should be in power is left to be
determined by the people, as it
must be, ‘if the system is to satisfy
the test of democracy’?
The above passage from
Constituent Assembly debates is
attributed to
(a) Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru
(b) Dr BR Ambedkar
(c) Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad
(d) Acharya JB Kriplani
73. Which of the following statements
are correct regarding Joint Session of
the Houses of the Parliament in
India?
1. It is an enabling provision,
empowering the President to take
steps for resolving deadlock
between the two houses.
2. It is not obligatory upon the
President to summon the houses
to meet in a joint sitting.
3. It is being notified by the
President.
4. It is frequently resorted to
establish the supremacy of the
Lok Sabha.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
74.
Match the following
List I
(Persons)
List II
(Committees)
A. BR Ambedkar 1. Drafting Committee
B. HC Mukherjee 2. Minorites
Sub-committee
C. Rajendra Prasad 3. Steering Committee
D. Jawaharlal Nehru 4. States Committee
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 1 3 4 (b) 1 2 3 4
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 2 1 3 4
75.
Consider the following statement(s)
about democracy
1. It consists with the formation of
government elected by the people.
2. In democracy, those currently in
power have a fair chance of
losing.
3. Each vote has one value.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) All of these
(c) Only 1 (d) 2 and 3
76.
Which one of the following
statement(s) regarding the
Departmental Committee of the
Parliament of India on the
empowerment of women is correct?
(a) The Committee will consist of
members of the Lok Sabha
(b) A Cabinet Minister can be a member
of the Committees
(c) The term of office of the members of
the Committee shall not exceed 2
years
(d) It reports on the working of welfare
programmes for the women
997GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1203 ---
998 CDS Pathfinder
77. Consider the following
statement(s)
1. Forming a cooperative society
is a Fundamental Right in
India.
2. Cooperative societies do not
fall within the ambit of the
Right to Information Act,
2005.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
78.
The legislative power of the
Parliament includes making laws
1. on matters not enumerated in
the Concurrent List and State
List.
2. in respect of entries in the
State List if two or more
State Legislatures consider it
desirable.
3. for implementing any treaty
agreement or convention with
any country even if it falls in
the State List.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 2 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
79.
Which of the following
statement(s) in the context of
structure of the Parliament is/are
correct?
1. The Parliament of India
consists of the President, the
Council of States and the
House of the people.
2. The President of India is
directly elected by an electoral
college consisting of the
elected members of both the
Houses of the Parliament only.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
80.
There are provisions in the
Constitution of India which
empower the Parliament to
modify or annual the operation of
certain provisions of the
Constitution without actually
amending them. They include
1. any law made under Article 2
(relating to admission or
establishment of new states).
2. any law made under Article 3
(relating to formation of new
states).
3. amendment of 1st Schedule
and 4th Schedule.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) All of these (d) None of these
81.
The Annual Financial statement
of the Government of India in
respect of each financial year
shall be presented to the House
on such day as the
(a) Speaker may direct
(b) President of India may direct
(c) Parliament may decide
(d) Finance Minister may decide
82. Which of the following principle(s)
is/are taken into consideration by
the Speaker while recognising a
parliamentary party or group?
1. An association of members who
have an organisation both
inside and outside the House.
2. An association of members who
shall have atleast one-third of
the total number of members
of the House.
3. An association of members who
have a distinct programme of
parliamentary work.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 2 and 3 (b) Only 1
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
83.
Which one among the following
was not a proposal of the Cabinet
Mission, 1946?
(a) The Constituent Assembly was to
be constituted on the democratic
principle of population strength
(b) Provision for an Indian Union of
Provinces and States
(c) All the members of the Constituent
Assembly were to be Indians
(d) British Government was to
supervise the affairs of the
Constituent Assembly
84.
After a bill has been passed by
the Houses of the Parliament, it
is presented to the President, who
may either give assent to the bill
or with hold his assent. The
President may
(a) assent within 6 months
(b) assent or reject the bill as soon as
possible
(c) return the bill as soon as possible
after the bill is presented to him
with a message requesting the
house to reconsider the bill
(d) with hold his assent even if the bill
is passed again by the houses
85.
Which of the statement(s) relating to
the Deputy Speaker of the Lok
Sabha is/are correct?
1. The office of the Deputy Speaker
acquired a more prominent
position after the enforcement of
the Constitution of India in 1950.
2. He/She is elected from amongst
the members.
3. He/She holds office until he/she
ceases to be a member of the
House.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
86.
The citizenship means
1. full civil and political rights of
the citizens.
2. the right of suffrage for election
to the House of the People (of the
Union) and the Legislative
Assembly of every state.
3. the right to become a Member of
the Parliament and Member of
Legislative Assemblies.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
87.
The Committee on Public Accounts
under the Constitution of India is
meant for
1. the examination of accounts
showing the appropriation of sums
granted by the House for the
expenditure of the Government of
India.
2. scrutinising the report of the
Comptroller and Auditor- General.
3. suggesting the form in which
estimates shall be presented to
the Parliament.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
88.
The principle of ‘collective
responsibility’ under parliamentary
democracy implies that
1. a motion of no-confidence can be
moved in the Council of Ministers
as a whole as well as an
individual minister.
2. no person shall be nominated to
the cabinet except on the advice
of the Prime Minister.
3. no person shall be retained as a
member of the Cabinet if the
Prime Minister says that he shall
be dismissed.
--- PAGE 1204 ---
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Only 3 (d) 2 and 3
89.
Which of the following
statement(s) relating to
Comptroller and Auditor
General in India is/are correct?
1. He/She is not an officer of
the Parliament but an officer
under the President.
2. He/She is an independent
constitutional authority not
directly answerable to the
house.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
90.
The Departmental Committee of
the Parliament of India on the
welfare of the Schedule Castes
(SCs) and the Scheduled Tribes
(STs) shall
1. examine whether the Union
Government has secured due
representation of the SCs and
the STs in the services and
posts under its control.
2. report on the working of the
welfare programmes for the
SCs and the STs in the
Union Territories.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
91.
The subject matter of an
adjournment motion in the
Parliament
1. must be directly related to
the conduct of the Union
Government.
2. may involve failure of the
Government of India to
perform its duties in
accordance with the
Constitution.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
92.
Political theory
1. deals with the ideas and
principles that shape
Constitutions.
2. clarifies the meaning of
freedom, equality and justice.
3. probes the significance of
principles of rule of law,
separation of power and judicial
review.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 1
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
93.
The functions of the committee on
estimates, as incorporated in the
Constitution of India, shall be to
1. report what economies,
improvements in organisation,
efficiency or administrative
reform may be effected.
2. suggest alternative policies in
order to bring about efficiency
and economy in administration.
3. examine whether the money is
well laid out within the limits
of the policy implied in the
estimates.
4. examine the reports, if any, of
the Comptroller and Auditor
General on the public
undertakings.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) 3 and 4
94.
The Fundamental Rights,
enshrined in Part III of the
Constitution of India, ‘‘are
inherent and cannot be
extinguished by any constitutional
and statutory provision’’. This was
made clear in the case of
(a) AKGopalan v/s State of Madras
(b) IC Golak Nath v/s State of Punjab
(c) State of West Bengal v/s Committee
for Protection of Democratic Rights
West Bengal
(d) Shankari Prasad Singh Dev v/s
Union of India
95.
Which among the following was
the reason of the resignations of
the Indian ministers in all the
provinces in the year 1939?
(a) The Governors refused to act as
constitutional heads.
(b) The centre did not provide the
required financial help to provinces.
(c) The Governor-General converted
Indian administration from federal to
unitary one because of the
beginning of the Second World War.
(d) India was declared a party to the
Second World War without the
consent of the provincial
governments.
2014 (II)
96.
Consider the following statement(s)
about world‘s first Modern Slavery
Bill, published in June, 2014 by the
British House of Commons
1. This is the first of its kind bill in
Europe which specifically
addresses slavery and trafficking
in the 21st century.
2. The Bill fixes the maximum
sentence available for the most
serious offenders upto 14 years.
Which of the statements given above
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither1 nor 2
97.
Which of the following about the
principles of Panchsheel are correct?
1. These are a set of five principles
governing relations between
states.
2. The assumption of Panchsheel was
that newly independent states
after decolonisation would be able
to develop a new and more
principled approach to
international relations.
3. The first formal codification in
treaty form was done in an
agreement between China and
India.
Select the correct answer using the
code given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) 1 and 3
98.
Arrange the following states of India
on the basis of conferring statehood
(starting from earliest)
1. Arunachal Pradesh
2. Nagaland
3. Sikkim
4. Meghalaya
Codes
(a) 2, 4, 3, 1 (b) 2, 1, 4, 3
(c) 4, 1, 3, 2 (d) 4, 1, 2, 3
99.
Consider the following statements
about Local Government in India.
1. Article 40 of Indian Constitution
provides for the state to organise
Village Panchayat and endow
them with such powers and
authority as may be necessary to
make them function as units of
self government.
2. The 73rd and 74th Constitution
Amendments inserted part IX and
IX A in the Constitution.
999GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1205 ---
1000 CDS Pathfinder
3. The provisions in part-IX and
IX A of Indian Constitution
are more or less parallel and
analogous.
4. The 73rd Constitution
Amendment is applicable to all
states irrespective of size of
population.
Which of the statements given
above are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) All of these
100.
Consider the following
statement(s) about State
Election Commission.
1. The State Election
Commissioner shall be
appointed by the Governer of
State.
2. The State Election
Commission shall have power
of even preparing the
electoral rolls besides the
power of superintendence,
direction and control of
election to the Panchayat.
3. The State Election
Commissioner (SEC) can be
removed in any manner from
the office. Until he demits
himself or complete his
tenure.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) All of these
101.
Which of the following
statement(s) about Indian
Judiciary is not correct?
(a) The Constitution of India has not
provide for double system of
courts as in the United States
(b) The organisation of the
subordinate Judiciary in India
varies slightly from state-to-state
(c) Every state in India has separate
High Court
(d) The Supreme Court has issued
direction to constitute an all India
Judicial service to bring about
uniformity in designation of
officers in criminal and civil side
2015 (I)
102.
Which of the following
statement(s) is/are not correct
for the Ninth Schedule of the
Constitution of India?
1. It was inserted by the First
Amendment in 1951.
2. It includes those laws which
are beyond the purview of
judicial review.
3. It was inserted by the
42nd Amendment.
4. The laws in the Ninth
Schedule are primarily
those which pertain to the
matters of national
security.
Select the correct answer
using the code given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) Only 3
103.
Which one of the following
categories of persons is not
treated at par so far as the
availability of Fundamental
Rights is concerned?
(a) Members of the armed forces
(b) Members of the forces
charged with the responsibility
of maintenance of public order
(c) Members of the forces
employed in connection with
the communications systems
set-up in the country
(d) Members of the forces
employed in connection with
the communication systems
set-up for maintenance of
public order
104.
Notification regarding
commencement or cessation
of a State of war is the
responsibility of
(a) Ministry of Home Affairs
(b) Ministry of Defence
(c) Ministry of External Affairs
(d) None of the above
105.
Which of the following
statement(s) about Mahatma
Gandhi’s South African
experiences (1893-1914) is/are
true?
1. Muslim merchants were
actively involved in
Gandhian political
movements in South Africa.
2. In 1906, Gandhi led a
campaign in Cape Town
against the ordinance on
compulsory registration and
passes for Indians.
3. Gandhi began his political
career with struggles
against the imposition of
excessive taxes on Indians
in Cape Town.
Select the correct answer
using the codes given below .
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 3
(c) All of these (d) Only 1
106.
Which one of the following
statement(s) is incorrect?
(a) India does not have a Chief of Defence
Staff
(b) India does not have a Permanent
Chairman, Chiefs of Staff Committee
(c) India has a Chairman, Chiefs of Staff
Committee who functions as Chief of the
Defence Staff
(d) India has a Chairman, Chiefs of Staff
Committee who does not function as
Chief of the Defense Staff
107.
The Sixth Schedule of the Indian
Constitution contains provisions for
the administration of Tribal areas.
Which of the following States is not
covered under this Schedule?
(a) Assam (b) Manipur
(c) Meghalaya (d) Tripura
108.
Who acts as the chairman of the
Chiefs of Staff Committee?
(a) The President of India in his capacity as
the Commander-in-Chief
(b) The Prime Minister
(c) The Defence Minister
(d) The seniormost Chief of Staff
109. Which one of the following
statement(s) is correct?
(a) The President cannot pardon a person
sentenced by a Court Martial
(b) The supreme command of the defence
forces of the Union vests in the
President, but its exercise has to be
regulated by law
(c) A person awarded rigorous imprisonment
cannot be compelled to do hard work
as this would amount to violation of
Article 23 of the Constitution of India
(d) The Armed Forces Tribunal Act, 2007
excludes the powers of the High Courts
under Article 226 of the Constitution of
India in relation to service matters of
persons in the armed forces
110.
Which one of the following
statement(s) is not correct?
(a) The Central Government is empowered
to issue a notification to specify any
service in a State as a service of vital
importance to the community
(b) Such a notification remains valid for 6
months
(c) Every command given by a superior
officer casts a duty on all persons
subject to the Army Act, 1950, the Air
Force Act, 1950 or the Navy Act, 1957
to obey the command when such a
notification is in force
(d) The provision of the Armed Forces
(Emergency Duties) Act, 1947 are
applicable in connection with vital
services imposed in a emergency on the
armed forces
--- PAGE 1206 ---
111. The power to decide the date of
an election to a State Legislative
Assembly rests with the
(a) President of India
(b) Chief Minister and his/her Cabinet
(c) Election Commission of India
(d) Parliament
112.
A Parliamentary Democracy is
one where
1. a balance of popular
participation and elite rule
takes place.
2. the government is responsible
not to the public but to the
elected representatives.
3. the parliamentarians are
delegated the responsibility of
thinking and acting on behalf
of their constituents.
Select the correct answer using
the code given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) Only 2
113.
When martial law is imposed,
Parliament cannot make law in
respect of which one of the
following matters?
(a) Indemnify any person in respect
of any act done by him in
connection with the maintenance
of order in the area where martial
law in force
(b) Parliament can by law validate
any sentence passed when
martial law was in force in the
area
(c) A law of Parliament can validate
forfeiture ordered when martial
law was in force in the area
(d) Any act done under martial law
can be validated by Parliament by
law
114.
Which among the following
features of a federal system is
not found in the Indian Political
System?
(a) Dual citizenship
(b) Distribution of powers between
the Federal and the State
Governments
(c) Supremacy of the Constitution
(d) Authority of the Courts to interpret
the Constitution
115.
Which of the following is not
true of Article 32 of the Indian
Constitution?
(a) It gives the Supreme Court and
the High Courts the power to
issue writs for the enforcement of
Fundamental Rights
(b) It is included in Part III of the
Indian Constitution and is
therefore, itself a Fundamental
Right
(c) Dr Ambedkar called it the ‘very
soul of the Indian Constitution’
(d) An aggrieved person has no right
to complain under Article 32
where a Fundamental Right has
not been violated
116.
In which of the following cases
did the Supreme Court rule that
Constitutional Amendments
were also laws under Article-13
of the Constitution of India,
which could be declared void for
being inconsistent with
Fundamental Rights?
(a) Keshavanand Bharati Case
(b) Golaknath Case
(c) Minerva Mills Case
(d) Maneka Gandhi Case
117.
Which of the following is not
true about the Convention on
the Elimination of all forms of
Discrimination Against Women
(CEDAW)?
(a) It defines what constitutes
discrimination against women and
sets-up an agenda for national
action
(b) It was adopted in 1979 by the
United Nations
(c) It commits states to undertake
measures to end discrimination in
their legal system
(d) India is not a ratifying country
and is therefore not legally bound
to put its provisions into practice
118.
The Supreme Court guidelines
issued in the Vishaka case
pertain to
(a) domestic violence
(b) rape and sexual violence
(c) if sexual harassment at the work
place
(d) trafficking in women
119. Which one of the following
statements is incorrect?
(a) India does not have a Chief of
Defence Staff
(b) India does not have a Permanent
Chairman, Chiefs of Staff
Committee
(c) India has a Chairman, Chiefs of
Staff Committee who functions as
Chief of the Defence Staff
(d) India has a Chairman, Chiefs of
Staff Committee who does not
function as Chief of the Defence
Staff
120.
Information under the RTI Act,
2005 can be provided in respect of
(a) National Security Council Secretariat
(b) Assam Rifles
(c) Border Road Development Board
(d) Border Road Organisation
121. Which of the following statement(s)
is/are not true for the category of
the Overseas Citizens of India
(OCI) inserted by the amendment
the Citizenship Act of India in
2003?
1. It gives dual citizenship to
Persons on India Origin (PIO),
who are citizens another country.
2. It gives Persons of Indian origin
(PIO), who are citizens of another
country, are OCI card without
citizenship.
3. It permits the OCI to vote in
general elections in India.
4. It allows the OCI to travel to
Indian without visa.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) 2 and 4
122.
Which of the following statement(s)
with regard to the Armed Forces
(Special Powers) Act, 1958 is/are
correct?
1. The Act is applicable only to the
States of Manipur, Tripura and
Nagaland.
2. A person taken into custody
under the above Act must be
handed over to the officer-in-
charge of the nearest police
station with least possible delay.
3. An area can be declared as a
disturbed area under the above
Act only when the State
Government is of the opinion
that the use of the armed forces
in aid of civil power is necessary
to contain a dangerous condition
in the concerned area.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 2 (b) 1 and 2
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
123.
Which of the following is not a laid
down principle of the Panchsheel?
(a) Mutual respect for each other’s
territorial integrity
(b) Mutual non-aggression
(c) Mutual support tor each other in
world forum
(d) Mutual non-interference in each
other‘s internal affairs
1001GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1207 ---
1002 CDS Pathfinder
2015 (II)
124. Which of the following laws
have been repealed by the
Constitution of India?
1. The Government of India Act,
1935.
2. The Indian Independence Act,
1947.
3. The Abolition of Privi Council
Juridisction Act, 1949.
4. The Preventive Detention Act,
1950.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 4
(c) 1 and 3 (d) 1, 2 and 4
125.
Which of the following is/are not
central feature(s) of Article 343
of the Constitution of India?
1. Hindi in Devanagari script
shall be the national language
of the Union.
2. The official language of the
Union shall be Hindi in
Devanagari script.
3. English language shall
continue to be used for official
purposes within states.
4. If two or more states agree,
Hindi language should be the
official language of
communication between the
states.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 3 and 4 (b) 2 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) Only 2
126.
After the general elections, the
Protem Speaker is
(a) elected by the Lok Sabha
(b) appointed by the President of
India
(c) appointed by the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court
(d) the seniormost member of the
Lok Sabha
127. Match the following
List I
(Leaders)
List ll
(Parties)
A. Shyama Prasad
Mukherjee
1. Communist Party
of India
B. Minoo Masani 2. Bharatiya Jana
Sangh
C. SA Dange 3. Swatantra Party
D. Ashok Mehta 4. Praja Socialist
Party
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 3 1 4 (b) 4 1 3 2
(c) 2 1 3 4 (d) 4 3 1 2
128.
Which of the following is/are not
central tenet(s) of the
Constitution of India?
1. Prohibits discrimination on
grounds of religion.
2. Gives official status to certain
religions.
3. Provides freedom to profess
any religion.
4. Ensures equality of all
citizens within religious
communities.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 3 and 4
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) Only 2
129.
Who is the current
Vice-Chairperson of NITI
Aayog?
(a) Raghuram Rajan
(b) Arvind Panagariya
(c) Bibek Debroy
(d) VK Saraswat
130.
Freedom of conscience under the
Constitution of India is subject
to
1. public order, morality and
health.
2. a law providing for social
welfare and reform.
3. opening Hindu religious
institutions of a public
character to all Hindus.
4. defamation or incitement to
an offence.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 2
131.
Which of the following
Fundamental Right(s) is/are
available to non-citizens?
1. Equality before Law
2. Right against Discrimination
3. Equality of Opportunity
4. Protection of Life and
Personal Liberty
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 4 (d) 2 and 3
132.
Which of the following
statement(s) about the
formation of the Constituent
Assembly is/are correct?
1. The members of the
Constituent Assembly were
chosen on the basis of the
Provincial Elections of 1946.
2. The Constituent Assembly did
not include representatives of the
princely states.
3. The discussions within the
Constituent Assembly were not
influenced by opinions expressed
by the public.
4. In order to create a sense of
collective participation,
submissions were solicited from
the public.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 4
133.
Which of the following laws have
been repealed by the Constitution
of India?
1. The Government of India Act,
1935.
2. The Indian Independence Act,
1947.
3. The Abolition of Privy Council
Jurisdiction Act, 1949.
4. The Preventive Detention Act,
1950.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2
(b) 2 and 4
(c) 1 and 3
(d) 1, 2 and 4
134.
A writ of Habeas Corpus for the
release of a person can be issued
1. where the arrest or detention has
taken place in contravention of
the procedure established by law.
2. to secure the release of a person
imprisoned on a criminal charge.
3. where the arrest has taken place
for contempt of court or the
Parliament.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 2 and 3
(c) All of these (d) 1 and 2
135.
Which one of the following changes
has not been made to the
Citizenship Act of India by the
Amendment in 2015?
(a) The Overseas Citizens of India will
now be called the Overseas Citizens
of India cardholders
(b) The Non-Resident Indians are entitled
to vote in elections in India
(c) The persons of Indian Origin have
been placed at par with the Overseas
Citizens of India
(d) The persons of Indian Origin are now
entitled to life long visa to visit India
--- PAGE 1208 ---
136. Name the French revolutionary
who wrote Declaration of the
Rights of Woman and the Female
Citizen.
(a) Olympe de Gouges
(b) Nancy Ruhling
(c) Maximilien Robespierre
(d) Mary Wollstonecraft
137.
Which one of the following
statement(s) about Electoral
Government in India is not
correct?
(a) The superintendence, direction
and control of elections are
vested in the Election
Commission of India
(b) There is one general electoral roll
for every territorial constituency
(c) The Parliament has the power to
make laws relating to the
delimitation of constituencies
(d) The Supreme Court of India has
the authority to scrutinise the
validity of a law relating to
delimitation of constituencies
138.
The Electronic Voting Machines
(EVMs) are developed jointly
with
1. Bharat Heavy Electricals
Limited.
2. Bharat Electronics Limited.
3. Electronics Corporation of
India Limited.
4. Bharat Sanchar Nigam
Limited.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 4 (d) 3 and 4
139.
The Constitution of India
guarantees freedom of thought
and expression to all its citizens
subject to
1. implementation of Directive
Principles.
2. Fundamental Duties.
3. Right to Equality.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 1 (d) All of these
140.
Which one of the following does
not form part of Immanuel
Kant’s theory of ‘perpetual
peace’?
(a) Republican constitutionalism
(b) Federal contract among states to
abolish war
(c) World government
(d) Transformation of individual
consciousness
141. Which one of the following
statement(s) about the process
of the Parliament to make new
states is not correct?
(a) The Parliament may by law form
a new state and alter the
boundaries or names of existing
states
(b) A Bill to this effect cannot be
introduced in the Parliament
except on the recommendation of
the President
(c) A Bill to this effect may be
referred by the President to the
legislature of the affected state
(d) Such a law will fall under the
purview of Article 368
142.
Which of the following
statement(s) with regard to
citizenship provisions of the
Constitution of India is/are
correct?
1. No person shall be a citizen
of India by virtue of Article 5,
or be deemed to be a citizen
of India by virtue of Article 6
or Article 8, if he/she has
voluntarily acquired the
citizenship of any foreign
state.
2. The Parliament has power to
make any provision with
respect to the acquisition and
termination of citizenship and
all other matters relating to
citizenship.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
143.
The protection against arrest
and detention under Article 22
of the Constitution of India is
not available to
1. an enemy alien.
2. a person detained under a
preventive detention law.
3. a foreigner.
4. an overseas citizen of India.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 1, 2 and 3 (d) 3 and 4
2016 (I)
144.
Which of the following is/are
constitutional body/bodies?
1. National Commission for
Scheduled Tribes
2. National Commission for
Women
3. National Commission for
Minorities
4. National Human Rights
Commission
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) Only 1 (b) 1, 3 and 4
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1, 2, 3 and 4
145.
Consider the following statement(s)
1. The President of India shall have
the power to appoint and remove
the Speaker of Lok Sabha.
2. The Speaker has to discharge the
functions of his office himself
throughout his term and cannot
delegate his functions to the
Deputy Speaker during his
absence from the station or
during his illness.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) Both 1 and 2 (d) Neither 1 nor 2
146.
The Second Administrative Reforms
Commission (2005) was concerned
with
(a) reforms in institutional arrangements
for good governance
(b) reforms in the Indian Penal Code and
the Criminal Justice System
(c) creating an ombudsman mechanism
for reduction of corruption in public
life
(d) devising new measures for urban
governance and management
147.
As per the Constitution of India, the
Writ of Prohibition relates to an
order
1. issued against judicial and
quasi-judicial authority.
2. to prohibit an inferior Court from
proceeding in a particular case
where it has no jurisdiction to
try.
3. to restrain a person from holding
a public office to which he is not
entitled.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 1 (d) All of these
148.
Who among the following Prime
Ministers of India were defeated by
a vote of No Confidence?
1. Morarji Desai
2. Vishwanath Pratap Singh
3. HD Deve Gowda
4. Atal Bihari Vajpayee
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 4 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2, 3 and 4 (d) All of these
1003GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
--- PAGE 1209 ---
1004 CDS Pathfinder
149. Which of the following
statement(s) regarding Rajya
Sabha is/are correct?
1. The maximum permissible
strength of Rajya Sabha is
250.
2. In Rajya Sabha, 238 members
are elected indirectly from the
States and Union Territories.
3. It shares legislative powers
equally with Lok Sabha in
matters such as creation of
All India Services.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 2 and 3 (d) Only 1
150.
Which of the following
statements relating to the office
of the President of India are
correct?
1. The President has the power
to grant pardon to a criminal
in special cases.
2. The President can promulgate
ordinances even when the
Parliament is in session.
3. The President can dissolve
the Rajya Sabha during
emergency.
4. The President has the power
to nominate two members in
the Lok Sabha from the Anglo
Indian community.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 4
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1, 3 and 4
151.
Which of the statement(s) given
below is/are correct?
1. The ideal of a common civil
code is set forth in Article 44
of the Constitution of India.
2. In certain respects, the High
Courts in India have been
given more extensive powers
than the Supreme Court.
3. The Supreme Court of India,
the first fully independent
Court for the country, was
set-up under the Constitution
of India in 1950.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) Only 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 1 (d) All of these
152.
Which one of the following
Articles/Schedules in the
Constitution of India deals with
Autonomous District Councils?
(a) Eighth Schedule
(b) Article 370
(c) Sixth Schedule
(d) Article 250
153.
Which of the following
statement(s) about
Comptroller and Auditor
General of India (CAG) is/are
correct?
1. The CAG will hold office for
a period of 6 years from the
date he assumes the office.
He shall vacate office on
attaining the age of 65
years, if earlier than the
expiry of the 6 years term.
2. The powers of CAG are
derived from the
Constitution of India.
3. The CAG is a multi-member
body appointed by the
President of India in
consultation with the Prime
Minister and the Council of
Ministers.
4. The CAG may be removed
by the President only on an
address from both Houses of
Parliament, on the grounds
of proved misbehaviour or
incapacity.
Select the correct answer using
the codes given below.
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) 1, 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1 and 2
154.
In which one of the following
judgements of the
Constitutional Bench of the
Supreme Court of India, the
‘rarest of rare’ principle in the
award of death penalty was
first laid down?
(a) Bachan Singh vs State of
Punjab (1980)
(b) Gopalanachari vs State of
Kerala (1980)
(c) Dr Upendra Baxi vs State of
Uttar Pradesh (1983)
(d) Tukaram vs State of
Maharashtra (1979)
155. Consider the following
statements about the
President of India.
1. The President has the right
to address and send
message to the Council of
Ministers to elicit specific
information.
2. The President can call for
information relating to
proposals for legislation.
3. All decisions of the Council
of Ministers relating to
administration of the Union
must be communicated to
the President.
Which of the statement(s) given
above is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) All of these
156.
In which one of the following cases,
the constitutional validity of the
Muslim Women (Protection of Rights
of Divorce) Act, 1986, was upheld by
the Supreme Court of India?
(a) Muhammad Ahmed Khan vs Shah
Bano Begum
(b) Danial Latifi vs Union of India
(c) Mary Roy vs State of Kerala
(d) Shankari Prasad vs Union of India
157. Which of the following statement(s)
with regard to preventive detention
in India is/are correct?
1. The detenue has no rights other
than those mentioned in Clauses
(4) and (5) of Article 22 of
Constitution of India.
2. The detenue has a right to
challenge the detention order on
the ground that he was already in
jail when the detention order was
passed.
3. The detenue can claim bail on the
ground that he has been in prison
beyond twenty-four hours without
an order of the Magistrate.
Select the correct answer using the
codes given below.
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 2
(c) Only 3 (d) All of these
158.
A Member of Lok Sabha does not
become disqualified to continue as a
Member of the House if the member
(a) voluntarily gives up his/her membership
of the political party from which he/she
was elected
(b) is expelled by the political party from
which he/she had been elected to the
House
(c) joins a political party after being
elected as an independent candidate
(d) abstains from voting contrary to the
direction by his/her political party
159.
Which one of the following language(s)
is not recognised in the Eighth
Schedule to the Constitution of India?
(a) English (b) Sanskrit
(c) Urdu (d) Nepali
160.
The category of ‘Overseas Citizens of
India’ was entered in the Citizenship
Act of India through an amendment
in the year
(a) 1986 (b) 1992 (c) 1996 (d) 2003
161. The Right to Education was added to
the Fundamental Rights in the
Constitution of India through the
(a) Constitution (86th Amendment) Act,
2002
(b) Constitution (93rd Amendment) Act,
2005
(c) Constitution (87th Amendment) Act,
2003
(d) Constitution (97th Amendment) Act,
2011
--- PAGE 1210 ---
1005GENERAL STUDIES Indian Polity
ANSWERS
Practice Exercise
1 a 2 a 3 b 4 c 5 a 6 a 7 d 8 b 9 d 10 b
11 d 12 b 13 d 14 b 15 c 16 c 17 b 18 a 19 b 20 a
21 a 22 d 23 b 24 c 25 d 26 d 27 a 28 d 29 c 30 b
31 d 32 c 33 c 34 d 35 a 36 d 37 b 38 a 39 d 40 a
41 d 42 b 43 a 44 d 45 b 46 a 47 a 48 c 49 a 50 a
51 d 52 a 53 a 54 a 55 d 56 a 57 d 58 b 59 b 60 c
61 d 62 a 63 a 64 d 65 c 66 a 67 c 68 c 69 d 70 c
71 d 72 d 73 b 74 c 75 c 76 d 77 b 78 b 79 c 80 b
81 c 82 a 83 a 84 d 85 d 86 b 87 b 88 c 89 b 90 d
91 d 92 d 93 c 94 d 95 d 96 b 97 b 98 c 99 d 100 b
101 b 102 b 103 b 104 d 105 b 106 a 107 c 108 c 109 c 110 d
111 d 112 b 113 b 114 b 115 c 116 c 117 d 118 c 119 c 120 c
121 d 122 b 123 d 124 d 125 a 126 b 127 d 128 b 129 c 130 b
131 c 132 c 133 a 134 c 135 d 136 b 137 a 138 d 139 a 140 b
141 b 142 d 143 c 144 b 145 c 146 c 147 d 148 c 149 b 150 c
151 b 152 c 153 c 154 b 155 c 156 c 157 c 158 a 159 a 160 d
161 c 162 b 163 d 164 c 165 b 166 b 167 d 168 a 169 c 170 d
171 b 172 b 173 b 174 b 175 c 176 b 177 a 178 b 179 b 180 a
Questions from CDS Exam (2012-16)
1 c 2 d 3 d 4 b 5 d 6 b 7 d 8 b 9 c 10 b
11 b 12 c 13 b 14 a 15 d 16 b 17 c 18 c 19 d 20 c
21 c 22 d 23 a 24 a 25 d 26 d 27 c 28 a 29 d 30 a
31 d 32 b 33 b 34 a 35 b 36 d 37 c 38 a 39 c 40 d
41 b 42 d 43 c 44 a 45 b 46 b 47 c 48 b 49 d 50 c
51 c 52 a 53 b 54 b 55 d 56 d 57 c 58 b 59 b 60 c
61 b 62 d 63 a 64 b 65 a 66 c 67 d 68 c 69 b 70 d
71 a 72 b 73 b 74 b 75 b 76 d 77 c 78 d 79 a 80 a
81 b 82 d 83 d 84 c 85 b 86 b 87 c 88 d 89 b 90 a
91 a 92 d 93 c 94 b 95 d 96 c 97 c 98 a 99 b 100 b
101 c 102 c 103 a 104 c 105 d 106 c 107 b 108 d 109 b 110 b
111 c 112 b 113 d 114 a 115 a 116 b 117 d 118 c 119 c 120 d
121 b 122 c 123 c 124 a 125 a 126 b 127 a 128 d 129 b 130 b
131 b 132 a 133 d 134 a 135 b 136 a 137 d 138 b 139 d 140 d
141 d 142 c 143 a 144 a 145 d 146 a 147 a 148 d 149 a 150 b
151 d 152 c 153 a 154 a 155 d 156 b 157 b 158 b 159 a 160 d
161 a