--- PDF PAGE 785 ---
580 CDS Pathfinder
SCALAR AND VECTOR
QUANTITIES
• Physical quantities which have magnitude only and
no direction are called scalar quantities.
e.g. mass, speed, volume, work, time, power, energy,
etc.
• Physical quantities which have magnitude and
direction both and which obey triangle law are called
vector quantities.
e.g. displacement, velocity, acceleration, force,
momentum, torque, etc.
MECHANICS
Mechanics deals with the study of motion of particles,
rigid and deformable bodies and general system of
particles.
Motion
A body is said to be in motion when its position
changes continuously with respect to a stationary body
taken as a reference point.
Distance and Displacement
• The distance covered by a body is the actual length
of the path travelled by the body between the initial
position and final position.
– It is always positive.
– It is a scalar quantity which has magnitude only.
Its unit is metre.
• The displacement of a particle is the change in
position of the particle in a particular direction and is
given by a vector drawn from its initial position to its
final position.
– Displacement may be positive, negative or zero.
– It is a vector quantity and its unit is also metre.
– The magnitude of displacement may or may not be
equal to the path length travelled by an object.
– Displacement ≤ Distance
– In Fig. (a) a particle starts from A and reach B
through points C, D and E, then AB is the
displacement and ( )AC CD DE EB+ + + is the
distance travelled.
– Also, in Fig. (b), a particle starts from A and reach
to C through point B, then AC is displacement
and distance covered is ( )AB BC+ .
Speed
The path length or the distance covered by an object divided
by the time taken by the object to cover that distance is calle d
the speed of that object. Its unit is m/s or km/h.
Speed Distance travelled
Time taken
=
• An object is said to be moving with a uniform speed , if it
covers equal distances in equal intervals of time.
• An object is said to be moving with a variable speed , if it
covers equal distances in unequal intervals of time or
unequal distances in equal intervals of time.
Average Speed
• If a motion is the ratio of the total distance travelled by the
object to the total time taken.
i.e. average speed,
v s s s
t t tav = + + +
+ + +
1 2 3
1 2 3
...
...
• If the body covers equal distances with different speeds,
then
v v v
v vav =
+
2 1 2
1 2
When the speed of an object is constantly changing, then the
speed at a particular moment or instant of time is called the
instantaneous speed of that object.
Velocity
The rate of change in position or displacement of a body with
time is called the velocity of that body. It is a vector quanti ty.
Velocity
= Displacement in particular direction
Time taken
• A body is said to be moving with uniform velocity , if
equal displacements of the body take place in same
direction in equal intervals of time.
• If a body moves in such a way that its speed or the
direction or both changes with time, the body is said to
have variable velocity .
Average Velocity
• If a body is defined as the net displacement divided by the
time taken for displacement.
v x x
t tav = −
−
2 1
2 1
As net displacement = −x x2 1 and time taken = −t t2 1
• Average velocity could be zero, positive or negative but
average speed is always positive for moving body. When a
particle returns to the starting point, its average velocit y is
zero but average speed is not zero.
Relative Velocity
• When two bodies are moving in the straight line, the speed
(or velocity) of one with respect to another is known as its
relative speed (or velocity).
• When two bodies are moving in the same direction, then
relative velocity = −v v
1 2 . When the two bodies are moving
in opposite directions, then relative velocity = +v v1 2 .
A B
C
A
B
C D
E
(a) (b)

--- PDF PAGE 786 ---
Acceleration
• It is the rate of change of velocity with respect to time. Its S I
unit is m/s 2 and CGS is cm/s 2. It is a vector quantity.
• An object is said to be moving with uniform acceleration , if its
velocity changes by equal amounts in equal intervals of time .
• An object is said to be moving with a variable acceleration , if
its velocity changes by unequal amounts in equal intervals o f
time.
• If the velocity of an object increases without change in
direction, it is said to be moving with positive acceleratio n.
• If the velocity of an object decreases without change in
direction, the object is said to be moving with negative
acceleration or deceleration or retardation.
• Acceleration of an object is zero, if it is at rest or moving wi th
uniform velocity.
Graphical Representation of Motion
1. Position–Time Graphs
(i) When distance covered by a moving
object goes on increasing with time,
the object is said to have positive
acceleration (i.e. velocity increases
with time).
(ii) When distance covered by a moving
object goes on decreasing with time,
the object is said to have negative acceleration (i.e.
velocity decreases with time).
(iii) When the moving object covers equal distance in equal
time, the object is said to have zero acceleration i.e.
uniform velocity.
(iv) When the position of object does not change with time,
the object is at rest (i.e. velocity is zero).
2. Velocity-Time Graphs
(i) In case of zero acceleration, the velocity of
the object does not change with time.
(ii) If the object is moving with uniform
positive acceleration having zero initial
velocity, then the velocity - time graph is a
straight line starting from origin.
(iii) In case of negative and constant
acceleration, the velocity of the object
decreases linearly with time.
(iv ) When the acceleration of the object is
increasing, line bending towards velocity
axis represent the increasing acceleration in
the body.
(v) When the acceleration of the object is
decreasing, line bending towards time axis
represents the decreasing acceleration in the
body.
581GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Time
Position
Time
Position
Time
Velocity
Time
Velocity
Time
Position
Time
Velocity
Time
Velocity
Time
Position
Time
Velocity

--- PDF PAGE 787 ---
582 CDS Pathfinder
Equations of Motion
For a moving object, the relations among its velocity,
displacement, time and acceleration can be represented by
equations. These equations are called equations of motion.
• For motion a straight line with constant acceleration a
(i) v u at= + (ii) s ut at= + 1
2
2
(iii) v u as2 2 2= +
• Equation of motion under gravity, (downward
direction)
(i) v u gt= + (ii)
h ut gt= + 1
2
2
(iii) v u gh2 2 2= +
Where, u = initial velocity
v = final velocity
g = gravitational acceleration
If an object is thrown vertically upward away from the
earth, then we shall substitute − g in place of g in the
above equations. The value of g is 9.8 m /s
2.
➨Note If a body starts from rest and moves with uniform
acceleration, then distance covered by the body in t sec is
proportional to t s t2 2( . . )i e ∝ .
Projectile Motion
When a body moves under an acceleration whose
direction is different from the direction of the initial
velocity, then both the magnitude and direction of its
velocity changes with time. Hence, the body moves on a
curved path in a plane. This type of motion is called
projectile motion.
• A bullet fired from a rifle and a body dropped from the
window of a moving train shows the projectile motion.
• Flight time of projectile, T u
g
= 2 sin θ
• Height of projectile, h u
g
=
2 2
2
sin θ
• Range of projectile, R u
g
=
2 2sin θ.
• We drop down a ball from a roof and at the same time
throw another ball in a horizontal direction, then both
the balls would strike the earth simultaneously at
different places.
• The horizontal range is the same when the body is
projected at θ and ( )90 ° − θ .
• The horizontal range of a projectile is maximum when
angle of projection is 45°.
• When two balls of different masses are projected
horizontally they will reach ground at same time.
FORCE
Force is a push or pull which produces or tends to produce
a change in uniform motion of body; stops or tends to stop
a body which is in motion. Its unit is Newton.
• It is a vector quantity and the straight line along which a
force is directed is called the line of action of the force.
• The rotational effect of a force on a body about an axis
of rotation is described in terms of moment of force.
• CGS unit of force is dyne i.e. 1 dyne = −10 5N.
Force is of two types
(i) Component of Force Forces acting at same angle from
the coordinate axes can be resolved into mutually
perpendicular forces called components. The
component of a force parallel to the X-axis is called
x-component, parallel to the y-component and so on.
Here,
• x-component of force F is Fcosθ.
• y-component of force F is F sinθ.
(ii) Contact and Non-contact Force The forces which act
on bodies when they are in physical contact are called
contact forces . e.g. muscular force, frictional force, etc.
A force which can be exerted by an object on another
object even from a distance (without physical contact
with each other) is called a non-contact force . e.g.
magnetic force, electrostatic force and gravitational
force.
NEWTON’S LAWS OF MOTION
Newton has given three laws of motion as below:
First Law
It states that every body continues in its state of rest or in
uniform motion in a straight line, unless it is compelled by
an external force to change that state.
First law is also called law of Galileo or law of inertia.
• The property of bodies by virtue of which they oppose
only change in their present state is called inertia.
• Mass is a measure of the inertia of a body.
O X
Y
R
u cos θ
v cos θ
u v
h
θ
u
sin
θ vsin
θ
θ
F cos θ
F
sin
θ F

--- PDF PAGE 788 ---
Here some practical examples are as follows in which first
law is used.
• Athlete runs some distance, before taking a long jump.
• A ball thrown upward in a train moving with uniform
velocity returns to the hand of thrower.
• The mud from the wheels of a moving vehicle flies-off
tangentially.
• When we shake the branch of a mango tree, the mangoes
fall down.
• A man jumping from a moving train may fall down.
• If a cloth placed under a book is given a sudden pull, it
comes out without disturbing the book.
• When a horse suddenly starts moving, the rider falls
backward.
• When a running horse suddenly stops, the rider falls
forwards.
• We hit a carpet with a stick to remove the dust.
Second Law
The rate of change of momentum of a body is directly
proportional to the applied force and takes place in the
direction in which the force acts. According to second law
F dp
dt
∝ or F k dp
dt
=
where, k is constant of proportionality
F k d
dt
= (mv) = kma
for simplicity let k = 1.
⇒ F ma=
1 newton = 105 dyne
• Newton’s second law gives the magnitude of force.
• Newton’s first law is contained in the second law.
Here some practical examples are as follows in which second
law is used.
• China wires are wrapped in straw or paper before
packing.
• A person falling on pucca floor (or frozen ice) is likely to
receive more injuries than one falling on kuccha floor
(loose earth).
• While catching a ball, a cricket player lowers his hands to
save himself from getting hurt.
• Bogies of the trains are provided with buffers to avoid
severe jerks during shunting of trains.
Third Law
According to this law, to every action there is an equal and
opposite reaction. ‘Action and reaction always act on the
different bodies.’ Here some practical examples are as
follows in which third law is used
• In order to walk, we press the ground in backward
direction with our feet. As a result, the ground pushes us
in forward direction.
• It is difficult to drive a nail into a wooden block
without holding the block.
• A jet plane moves on the principle of Newton’s third
law of motion. As exhaust gases come out from the
nozzle at a greater speed, the reaction of the same
moves the plane forwards.
Validity of Newton’s Laws of Motion
Newton’s laws are valid in classical physics only under
certain conditions
• In general, the distances which one work must be
much greater than the size of atoms and molecules.
Else, quantum mechanics must be used in place of
classical mechanics.
• In general, the speeds which one work with must be
much less than the speed of light. Else, relativistic
mechanics must be used in place of classical mechanics.
• Also, this is valid with respect to inertial frame of
reference only.
Linear Momentum
• The linear momentum of a body is defined as, the
product of its mass and its velocity i.e.
Momentum = Mass × Velocity, p m v= ×
• It’s direction is the same as the direction of velocity of
the body. It is a vector quantity. It’s SI unit is kg-m/s.
• Concept of momentum was introduced by Newton.
• A heavier body has a larger linear momentum than a
lighter body moving with the same velocity. i.e. In the
absence of external forces, the total momentum of the
system is conserved.
i.e. m v m v
1 1 2 2= [For single body]
and m u m u m v m v1 1 2 2 1 1 2 2+ = + [For two bodies]
Applications of Conservation of
Momentum
When a bullet is fired from a gun, the gun recoils or
gives a sharp pull in backward direction. While firing a
bullet, the gun must be held tight to the shoulder.
• When a man jump from a boat to the shore, the boat
slightly moves away from the shore.
• Rocket works on the principle of conservation of
momentum.
• If someone left on a frictionless floor desires to get out
of it, he can do so by blowing air out of his mouth.
Impulse
• An impulse is a large force acting on a body for a
short time to produce a finite change in momentum.
• Impulse = ×Force Time interval i.e. I F t= × ∆
It’s SI unit is N-s or kg-m/s
583GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 789 ---
584 CDS Pathfinder
Examples of momentum and impulse are as follows:
• In catching a ball, a player by drawing his hands
backward increases the time of contact.
• An athlete is advised to come to stop slowly after
finishing a fast race.
• The layer of bricks is broken by player.
• Vehicles like cars, buses, and scooters, are provided with
shockers.
• Bogies of the trains are provided with buffers, because
buffers increase the time duration of jerks during
shunting. This reduces the force with which bogies push
or pull each other and severe jerks are avoided.
FRICTION
The opposing force which comes into play when a body
moves or tries to move the surface of another body is
known as friction.
• The maximum value of the force of friction which comes
into play before a body just begins to slide over the
surface of another body is called limiting friction .
• The force of friction that comes into play between the
surfaces of two bodies before the body actually starts
moving is called static friction .
• The force of friction that opposes relative motion
between two surfaces in contact is called kinetic or
sliding friction .
• The frictional force developed, when a body rolls over a
surface, is known as the rolling friction .
• Static friction is a self adjusting force and it adjusts
itself, so that it became equal to the applied force.
Advantages of Friction
• Due to friction, we are able to move on the surface of
the earth.
• The fibres of thread are held together due to force of
friction.
• The brakes applied in automobiles work only due to
friction.
• Sledges are used in Arctic region as friction is very low
on the surface of ice.
Disadvantages of Friction
• A lot of energy is wasted in the form of heat due to
friction that causes wear and tear of the moving parts.
• Due to friction, speed of automobiles cannot be
increased beyond a certain limit.
Laws of Friction
Friction acts in a direction opposite to the direction of
motion of the objects. It depends upon the nature of the
two surfaces in contact.
• Friction is independent of the area of contact of the two
surfaces. Rolling friction is less than sliding friction.
• Force of friction ( )F is directly proportional to the
normal reaction ( )R .
i.e. F R∝
F R= µ
where, µ = coefficient of friction.
Also, µ α= tan , where α is the angle of friction.
Angle of repose = Angle of friction i.e. θ α =
Methods for Reducing Friction
• By using lubricants e.g. grease, oil, etc.
• By using ball or roller bearings, which changes sliding
into rolling.
• By using soap solution.
• By using powder.
• Friction due to air is considerably reduced by streamling
the shape of the body moving at high speed in air. e.g.
aircraft, jet-planes, fast cars are streamlined.
• The tyres are provided with treads which increases the
friction between the tyres and the road.
➨Note Pulling is easier than pushing
While pushing, there is one component of force that acting
downward on the object adds to the weight of the body hence
there is more friction opposing the effort. Whereas on pulli ng, the
vertical component of force is against the weight of the body and
hence there is less overall friction. So, it is easy to pull th an push.
CIRCULAR MOTION
When an object moves along a circular path, then its motion
is called circular motion as motion of top, etc. In circular
motion force is always at right angles to the displacement
therefore no work is done by the force on the particle.
• When an object moves along a circular path with
uniform speed, its motion is called uniform circular
motion.
• Circular motion is accelerated even, if the speed of the
body is constant. The motion of a satellite is accelerated
motion.
Angular Velocity
Angular velocity is the rate at which angle swept by the
radius at the centre changes with time. Its unit is rad/s.• Angular velocity, ω θ=
t
⇒ s v t= × and ω θ=
t
,
O
θ A, t=1
s
B, t=1
r

--- PDF PAGE 790 ---
θ = s
r
So, v r= × ω
as v = linear speed,
ω = angular velocity,
r = radius of the circular path.
Thus, linear velocity = Angular velocity
× Radius of circular path.
The angular velocity of revolution of a planet around the
sun in an elliptical orbit increases. When the planet came
closer to sun and vice-versa.
Angular Acceleration
• The rate of change of angular velocity is defined as
angular acceleration.
• Angular acceleration, α ω=
t
. Its unit is rad/ s 2 or
revolution/sec 2 .
• Relation between angular acceleration and linear
acceleration, a r= × α
Centripetal Acceleration
The acceleration is directed towards the centre and is given
by
a v
r
=
2
, where v is the speed and r is the radius. This is
called centripetal acceleration.
Centripetal Force
A body performing circular motion is acted upon by a
force which is always directed towards the centre of the
circle. This is called centripetal force . Work done by
centripetal force is always zero.
• If a body of mass m is moving on a circular path of
radius R with uniform velocity v, then the required
centripetal force, F mv
R
m R= =
2
2ω
• Any of the forces found in nature such as frictional
force, gravitational force, electrical force, magnetic fo rce
may act as a centripetal force.
• Cyclist bends his body towards the centre on a turn
while turning to obtain the required centripetal force.
• Generally, in rain the scooter slips off the turning of a
road because the friction between tyre and road is
reduced. Due to this necessary centripetal force is not
provided.
• Vehicles can move on circular path safely, if friction
force ≥ required centripetal force.
• Roads are banked at turns to provide the required
centripetal force for taking a turn.
• Work done by centripetal force is always zero.
Centrifugal Force
There are certain situations in which we feel that a body is
acted upon by a force, but actually there is no force on the
body. Such an apparent force is called a pseudo force.
• Centrifugal force is such a pseudo force. It is equal and
opposite to centripetal force. When a person stand on a
rotating platform, then he feels the centrifugal force.
• Cream separator and centrifugal drier work on the
principle of centrifugal force.
➨Note Centrifugal is a device to separate the particles of differe nt
masses present in liquid.
WORK
Work is said to be done, if a force acting on a body is able
to actually move it through some distance in the direction
of the force.
• Work = ×Force Distance ,
i.e. W = ⋅F s
• If the force F is making an angle θ with the direction of
displacement of the body, then the work done is
W Fs= cosθ
• It’s SI unit is joule (J).
• CGS unit of work is erg i.e. 1 J = 10 7 ergs
Types of Work
Work can be of following types
1. Positive Work Done Positive work means that force
is parallel to displacement.
Examples
• When a body falls freely under gravitational pull.
• When a horse pulls a cart on a level road.
2. Negative Work Done Negative work means that force
is opposite to displacement.
Examples
• When a body is made to slide over a rough surface
or when a positive charge is moved towards
another positive charge.
3. Zero Work Done If the force is perpendicular to the
displacement and if either the force or the displacement
is zero, work done will be zero.
Examples
• When a coolie travels on a platform with a load on
his head.
• When a body is moved along a circular path. When
a person does not move from his position but he
may be holding any amount of heavy load.
• If the force is perpendicular to the displacement
and if either the force or the displacement is zero,
work done is zero.
585GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 791 ---
586 CDS Pathfinder
Conservative and
Non-conservative Forces
• A force is said to be conservative, if the work done by
the force in moving a body depends only upon the
initial and final positions of the body and is independent
of the path followed between the initial and final
position, e.g. gravitational force, electrostatic force a nd
magnetic force, etc.
• A force is said to be non-conservative, if the work done
by the force or against the force, in moving a body from
one position to another, depends upon the path followed
between the two positions. e.g. friction force, etc.
ENERGY
The energy of an object is its capacity for doing work. It is
a scalar quantity and its unit is joule (J).
• Energy can exist in different forms such as mechanical
energy, heat energy, sound energy, light energy, chemical
energy, etc.
• Mechanical energy is of two types i.e. kinetic energy and
potential energy.
1. Kinetic Energy
The energy possessed by a body by virtue of its motion is
called its kinetic energy.
• If a body of mass m is moving with velocity v, then
kinetic energy = =1
2 2
2
2
mv p
m
• When momentum is doubled kinetic energy becomes
four times.
• If a body is moving in horizontal circle then its kinetic
energy is same at all points, but if it is moving in
vertical circle, then the kinetic energy is different at
different points.
Applications of kinetic energy are given below
(i) Kinetic energy of air is used to run wind mills.
(ii ) Kinetic energy of running water is used to run the
water mills.
(iii ) A bullet fired from a gun can pierce a target due to
its kinetic energy.
2. Potential Energy
It is the energy possessed by a body by virtue of its
position.
• Suppose a body is raised to a height h above the surface
of the earth, then potential energy
of body = mgh
• Also, here potential energy = work done = mgh
• When the body is projected upwards, then its kinetic
energy goes on changing to potential energy and
vice-versa.
Applications of potential energy are given below
(i) The potential energy of the wound spring of a clock
is used to drive the hands of the clock.
(ii) Due to potential energy of the stretched bow, the
arrow goes forward with a large velocity on releasing
the bow.
(iii) The potential energy of water in dams is used to run
turbines in order to produce electrical energy using
the generators.
Principle of Conservation
of Energy
According to the law of conservation of energy it can
neither be created nor be destroyed but can only be
transformed from one form to another.
• The total amount of energy in the universe remains
constant. e.g. when an object falls, its potential energy
decreases but at the same time kinetic energy increases
by an equal amount.
Transformation of Energy
• In a heat engine, heat energy changes into mechanical
energy. In the sun, mass changes into radiant energy.
• In an electrical heater, the electric energy is converted
into heat energy.
• In an electric bulb, the electric energy is converted into
light energy in burning coal, oil, etc. The chemical
energy changes to heat energy.
• When we rub our hands, heat is generated. Here,
mechanical energy of muscles is converted into heat energy.
• In an electromagnet the electric energy is converted into
magnetic energy.
Einstein’s Mass-Energy Equivalence
In 1905, Einstein proved the relation between mass and
energy. E mc=
2, where c is the velocity of light.
E mc= 2 leads to verification of the two laws, law of
conservation of mass and law of conservation of energy.
POWER
The time rate of doing work is called power.
If W is work done in time t then power, P
= W
t
.
For a constant force F, the
Power ( )P F v= ⋅ ⇒ P Fv= cosθ
where v = velocity of object
θ = angle between F and v
• Power is a scalar quantity with SI unit watt (W) or joule/s.
• Some other units of power are 1 watt hour = 3600 J
1 kilowatt hour = ×3 6 10 6. J
1 HP (Horse Power) = 746 W

--- PDF PAGE 792 ---
ROTATIONAL MOTION AND GRAVITATION
ROTATIONAL MOTION
When a body rotates about a fixed axis, it is said to
perform a rotational motion and the axis is called the
axis of rotation . In rotational motion every particle of
the body moves in a circle and the centres of all these
circles lie at the axis of rotation.
• The rotating blades of an electric fan and the motion
of a top are examples of rotational motion.
• Rigid body is the body in which there is no
displacement among the particles of the body on
applying an external force.
Centre of Mass [CM]
A point within the body or outside the body at which the
whole mass of the body is assumed to be concentrated.
• The centre of mass of sphere, cylinder and ring is at
its geometric centre.
• The centre of mass may lie outside the body where
there is no material as in case of ring, hollow sphere,
hollow cylinder, etc.
Moment of Inertia
Moment of inertia of a body with respect to axis of
rotation is the product of the mass ( )m and the square
of distance from the axis of rotation ( )R .
i.e. moment of inertia I mR=
2
• The SI unit of moment of inertia is kg-m 2.
• Moment of inertia of a ring about an axis passing
through its centre and perpendicular to its plane is
I MR=
2.
• Moment of inertia of a diameter about its diameter is
I MR= 1
2
2.
• The moment of inertia depends not only on the mass
and size of the body but also upon the manner in
which the mass is distributed around the axis of
rotation.
Practical applications of moment of inertia are given
below
• The moment of inertia plays important role in our
daily life.
• In cycle, rikshaw, bullockcart, etc., the moment of
inertia of the wheels is increased by concentrating
most of the mass at the rim of the wheel and
connecting the rim to the axle of the wheel through
spokes.
• It is due to the large moment of inertia of the wheels
that when we stop cycling, the wheels of the cycle
continue rotating for some time.
Radius of Gyration
Radius of gyration is defined as the distance from axis of
rotation at which, if total mass of the body were supposed to
be concentrated, the moment of inertia would be same.
I MK=
2
where, M = total mass of the body, K = radius of gyration
Torque or Moment of Force
The turning effect of a body is known as the moment of the
force or torque.
• Moment of force or torque, τ = ⋅F d , here d is the
perpendicular distance from the axis of rotation.
• It is a vector quantity having SI unit N-m.
• A body of lesser weight can produce the same turning
effect as the body of higher weight by adjusting their
distance from the axis of rotation.
• Torque is equal to the product of moment of inertia and
angular acceleration. i.e. τ = ×I α .
Practical applications of torque are given below
• The handle or the knob is fitted near the free edge of the
door. So that, a heavy revolving door is opened or closed
easily, when the force is applied at the edge of the door.
• A wrench with a long arm is used to unscrew a nut fitted
tightly into a bolt and the handle of a screw driver is made
wide.
ANGULAR MOMENTUM
• The angular momentum ( )J of a body about an axis is equal
to the product of the moment of inertia ( )I of the body and
its angular velocity ( )ω about that axis. i.e. J I= ω .
• If no external torque is acting upon a body rotating about
an axis, then the angular momentum of the body remains
constant. It is called conservation of angular momentum.
Examples related to conservation of angular momentum are
given below
• When a diver jumps into water from a height, he does not
keep his body straight but pulls in his arms and legs
towards the centre of his body. On doing so, the moment
of inertia of his body decreases. But, since the angular
momentum remains constant, his angular velocity increases .
• A man with his arms outstretched and holding heavy
dumb-bells in each hand, is standing at the centre of a
rotating table. When the man pulls-in his arms, the speed of
rotation of the table increases.
• The reason is that on pulling-in the arms, the distance of
the dumb bells from the axis of rotation decreases and so
the moment of inertia of the man decreases. Therefore by
conservation of angular momentum, the angular velocity
increases.
• The angular velocity of revolution of planet around the sun
in elliptical orbit increases, when the planet comes closer to
the sun.
587GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 793 ---
588 CDS Pathfinder
• If a cat is dropped from a height, they almost always tend
to land on their feet because they use the conservation of
angular momentum to change their orientation.
• When a cat is in the air, no net external torque acts on it
about its centre of mass, so the angular momentum about
the cat’s centre of mass cannot change.
• Stretching out its legs increases its rotational inertia an d
thus slows the cats angular speed. The conservation of
angular momentum allows the cat to rotate its body and
slow its rate of rotation enough, so that it lands on its
feet easily.
ROLLING MOTION
The rolling motion can be regarded as the combination of
pure rotation and pure translation.
• The kinetic energy of a body rolling without slipping is
the sum of kinetic energies of translational and rotational
motion.
i.e. total KE of a rolling body
= Rotational KE + Translational KE
= +1
2
1
2
2I mvω 2
cm
• If a ring, a disc and a sphere, all of the same radius and
mass roll down an inclined plane from the same height,
the sphere will reach the bottom first and ring at last.
GRAVITATION
The phenomena of action of attractive forces between two
bodies by virtue of their masses is known as gravitation.
Newton’s Law of Gravitation
The force of gravitational attraction between two bodies is
directly proportional to the product of their masses ( )m m
1 2⋅
and inversely proportional to the square of the distance ( r)
between them i.e. F G m m
r
= 1 2
2
where, m1 is the mass of first body, m2 is the mass of second
body and r is the distance between them.
• The value of G is 6 67 10 11. × − N-m 2/kg 2.
• It is always attractive in nature, unlike electric and
magnetic force which can be attractive or repulsive both.
• It acts along the line joining the centres of two interacting
forces.
• The gravitational force between two masses is independent
of the presence of any other object medium present
between two masses.
• The predictions of solar and lunar eclipses on the basis of
the Newton’s law of gravitation come out in perfect
agreement with actual observation.
• Tides are formed in oceans due to gravitational attraction
between moon and ocean water.
Acceleration due to Gravity
It is the force by which the earth attracts a body towards
its centre.
• The acceleration due to gravity is the rate of change of
velocity of a body due to the gravitational force acting
towards the earth. It is represented by
g GM
R
e
e
= 2
where, M e is the mass of the earth and Re is the radius
of the earth.
• The value of g at the surface of the earth is 9 8 .m/s 2 .
• Earth is surrounded by an atmosphere of gases due to
gravity. The value of g on the moon is 1/6th of that of
the earth.
Variation in the Value of (g)
• When we go above the surface of the earth, the
acceleration due to gravity goes on decreasing.
• When we go below the surface of the earth, the
acceleration due to gravity goes on decreasing and
becomes zero at the centre of the earth.
• Decreasing the rotational motion of the earth, the value
of g increases. When we go from the equator towards
the poles, the value of g goes on increasing.
• If earth stops its rotation about its own axis, then at
the equator, the value of g increases and consequently
the weight of body lying there increases.
• The value of g is maximum on surface of the earth.
MASS AND WEIGHT
The mass of a body is the quantity of matter contained in
it. It is a scalar quantity and its SI unit is kg. Mass does
not change from place to place and remains constant.
The weight of the body is the force with which it is
attracted towards the centre of the earth.
• Weight of the body w mg=
• Weight of a body is not constant, it changes from place
to place. At the pole, the weight of a body will be
maximum whereas at the equator it is minimum.
• Mass is measured by an ordinary equal arm balance,
while weight is measured by a spring balance.
Weight of a Body at Moon
As mass and radius of moon is lesser than the earth, so
the force of gravity at the moon is also less than the
earth. Its value at the moon’s surface is g/6.
Centre of Gravity
The centre of gravity of a body is that point, at which
the whole weight of the body appears to act.
• It can be inside the material of the body or outside it.
• For regularly shaped body, the centre of gravity lies at
its geometrical centre.

--- PDF PAGE 794 ---
Weight of a Body in Lift
Some conditions are given below
• If lift is stationary or moving with uniform speed
(either upward or downward), the apparent weight of a
body is equal to its true weight.
• If lift is going up with acceleration, the apparent
weight of a body is more than the true weight.
• If lift is going down with acceleration, the apparent
weight of a body is less than the true weight.
• If the rod of the lift is broken, it falls freely. In this
situation, the weight of a body in the lift becomes
zero. This is the situation of weightlessness.
• While going down, if the acceleration of lift is more
than acceleration due to gravity, then the body in the
lift raise towards the ceiling of the lift.
SATELLITE
The heavenly body which revolves around the sun is called
planet e.g. the earth, while the heavenly body which
revolves round the planets is called Satellite. Moon is a
natural satellite of the earth.
• Orbital speed of a satellite is independent of its mass
and depends upon the radius of orbit.
i.e.
v gR0 =
• The orbital speed of a satellite revolving near the
surface of the earth is 7.9 km/s.
• Time period of revolution of satellite revolving near the
surface of the earth is 1 hr 24 min (84 min).
• Period of revolution of a satellite depends upon the
height of satellite from the surface of the earth.
• Every body inside the satellite is in a state of
weightlessness.
• Period of revolution of a satellite is independent of its
mass.
• If a satellite revolves in equatorial plane in the direction
of the earth’s rotation i.e. from West to East with a
period of revolution equal to time period of rotation of
the earth on its own axis i.e. 24 h, then the satellite will
appear stationary relative to the earth. Such a satellite is
called geo-stationary satellite . Such a satellite revolves
around the earth at a height of 3600 km.
• INSAT 2B and INSAT 2C are geo-stationary satellites
of India. It is used to reflect TV signals and telecast TV
programs from part of the work to another.
• Polar satellite revolves around the earth in polar orbit
at a height of 800 km. Time period of the satellites is
84 min. These are used for weather forecasting and
mapping, etc.
➨Note The earth rotates on its axis from West to East. This rotation
makes the sun and the stars appear to be moving across the sky
from East to West.
Energy of a Satellite
A satellite revolving around the earth has potential energy as
well as kinetic energy. It has potential energy because it
remains in the gravitational field of earth and kinetic ener gy
because it is in motion.
Total energy of the satellite,
E = Kinetic energy + Potential energy
E GM m
R
GM m
R
e
e
e
e
= + − 


2
E GM m
R
e
e
= −
2
where, m is the mass of satellite.
ESCAPE VELOCITY
Escape velocity is that minimum velocity with which a body
should be projected from the surface of the earth, so as it
goes out of gravitational field of earth and never returns to
the earth. Escape velocity at the surface is 11.2 km/s.
Escape velocity is given by
v GM
Re = 2
e
v gRe e= 2 /c81 g GM
Re
=





2
• The value of the escape velocity of a body does not
depend on its mass. Its value on the moon surface is
2.38 km/s. So, there is no atmosphere around the moon.
• Escape velocity is 2 times the orbital velocity.
• Satellites are launched with the escape velocity as needed.
KEPLER’S LAWS
Kepler’s law of planetary motion are three scientific laws
describing motion of planets around the sun.
• All planets move around the sun in elliptical orbits having
the sun at one focus of the orbit.
• The areal speed of a planet around the sun is constant.
• The square of the period of revolution of any planet
around the sun ( )T is directly proportional to the cube of
its mean distance from the sun ( a) i.e.
T a
2 3∝ .
Black Hole
A black hole is a region of spacetime exhibiting such strong
gravitational effects that nothing not even particles and
electromagnetic radiation such as light can escape from
inside it. Event horizon is the boundary marking the limits
of a black hole. Thus, nothing that enters a black hole can
get out or can be observed from outside the event horizon.
589GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 795 ---
590 CDS Pathfinder
PROPERTIES OF MATTER
ELASTICITY
Elasticity is the property of material of a body by virtue of
which the body acquires its original shape and size after
the removal of deforming force.
• Steel and ivory are more elastic than rubber and water is
more elastic than air.
• The internal restoring force acting per unit area of
cross-section of a deformed body is called stress. Its unit
is N/m
2 or Pascal.
• The fractional change in configuration i.e. length, volume
and shape is called strain.
• The ratio of stress to strain is a constant for the material
and is called modulus of elasticity.
i.e.
E = Stress
Strain
It is also called Hooke’s law .
• The maximum deforming force up to which a body
retains its property of elasticity is called the limit of
elasticity.
• Putty, paraffin wax are nearly perfectly
plastic bodies.
• Iron, copper, silver, aluminium, etc., are examples of
ductile materials. Glass, dry clay, etc., are examples of
brittle materials.
• Rubber is one example of elastomers.
PRESSURE
Pressure is defined as, force acting normally on unit area of
the surface.
Pressure
= Force
Area
• Its unit is N/m 2 also called Pascal. It is a scalar quantity.
• The pressure exerted by liquid at depth h below the
surface of liquid is given as,
p hdg= , where d is density of liquid.
• It is measured by manometer.
• Pressure at a point in a static liquid has same value in all
directions.
• Pressure at a point in a liquid is proportional to the
density of the liquid and depth of the point from the
free surface.
• Boiling point of all substances increases with the increase
in pressure.
Atmospheric Pressure
The pressure exerted by the atmosphere is called
atmospheric pressure.
• Atmospheric pressure = 1.01 bar
= ×1.01 10 5 N/m 2
= 760 torr
• Atmospheric pressure is measured by barometer.
• Atmospheric pressure decreases with altitude (height
from the earth’s surface). This is why
– It is difficult to cook on the mountain.
– The fountain pen of a passenger leaks in aeroplane at
height.
• The slow rise in the barometric reading is the indication
of clear weather.
• Sudden fall in barometric reading is the indication of
storm.
• Slow fall in barometric reading is the indication of rain.
➨Note Building and dams are laid on a larger area of ground so that,
the height of the building or dam produces less pressure on gr ound.
PASCAL’S LAW
Pascal’s law states that ‘Pressure in a fluid in equilibrium is
the same everywhere, if the effect of gravity can be
neglected.’
• Hydraulic lift, hydraulic press, hydraulic brakes work
on the basis of Pascal’s law.
• Hydraulic lift is used to lift heavy loads.
ARCHIMEDES’ PRINCIPLE
When a solid body is immersed wholly or partially in a
liquid (in general, in a fluid), then there is some apparent
loss in its weight. This loss in weight is equal to the
weight of the liquid displaced by the body.
Applications of Archimedes’ principle are given below
• Archimedes’ principle is used in determining the relative
density of a substance.
• Archimedes’ principle is used in designing ships and
submarines.
• The hydrometers used for determining the density of
liquids are based on Archimedes’ principle.
• The lactometers used for determining the purity of milk
are based on Archimedes’ principle.

--- PDF PAGE 796 ---
DENSITY
Density is defined as mass per unit volume.
• Density, ρ = =Mass
Volume
M
V
. Its SI unit is kg/m 3.
• Relative density of substance is defined as the ratio of the
density of that substance to the density of water at 4°C
i.e.
Relative density
=
°
Density of material
Density of water at 4 C
• Relative density has no unit. It is a scalar quantity.
• The density of water is maximum at temperature 4°C.
• Relative density of liquid or fluid is measured by
hydrometer.
• The density of sea water is more than that of normal
water. This explains why it is easier to swim in sea water.
• If ice floating in water in a vessel melts, the level of water
in the vessel does not change.
• Ice floats on water surface as its density (0.92 g /cm )3 is
lesser than the density of water (1 g/ cm 3).
• Iron will sink in mercury because density of mercury is
more than the iron.
BUOYANT FORCE
When a body is immersed partially or wholly in a liquid, a
force acts on the body by the liquid in the upward direction.
This force is called buoyant force or force of buoyancy of
upthrust.
• It is equal to the weight of liquid displaced by the body
and acts at the centre of gravity of displaced liquid.
• The buoyant force exerted by a liquid depends on the
volume of the solid object immersed in the liquid.
• The buoyant force exerted by a liquid depends on the
density of the liquid in which the object is immersed.
Law of Floatation
When body floats in neutral equilibrium, the weight of the
body is equal to the weight of displaced liquid.
• The centre of gravity of the body and centre of gravity of
the displaced liquid should be in one vertical line.
• Three cases are possible when the body is immersed in the
fluid.
(i ) If the weight of the body is greater than the
upward force or upthrust by the fluid acting
upwards, then the body sinks.
(ii ) If the weight of the body is equal to the upthrust
or the weight of the body is just balanced by
upthrust, then the body floats fully immersed.
(iii ) If the weight of the body is less than the upward
force, then the body floats partially immersed. The
centre of gravity of a body is that point at which
the whole weight of the body appears to act.
Fluid Dynamics
(i) Streamline Flow or Steady Flow In this flow
velocity at every point in the fluid will remains
constant.
(ii) Turbulent Flow In this flow, the fluid does not
maintain constancy of the velocity.
(iii) Critical Velocity The velocity above which flow
will become turbulent.
PRINCIPLE OF CONTINUITY
It states that, when an incompressible and non-viscous
liquid flows in streamlined motion through a tube of
non-uniform cross-section, the product of the
area-section and the velocity of flow is same at every
point in the tube. For a tube of flow, between two
points having area of cross-section A
1 and A2 and
velocities V1 and V2.
Then,
AV = Constant
A V A V1 1 2 2=
According to the equation of continuity, the speed of
fluid flow becomes faster in the narrower pipe.
BERNOULLI’S THEOREM
When an incompressible and non-viscous liquid (or gas)
flows in streamlined motion from one place to another,
then at every point of its path the total energy per unit
volume (Pressure energy + Kinetic energy + Potential
energy) is constant.
P v gh+ + =1
2
2ρ ρ constant
where, ρ is density of fluid. This is the principal of
conservation of energy for the non-viscous fluids i.e.
there is no viscous force acting between the layers of the
fluid.
Venturimeter, Pitot tube, Bunsen’s burner, atomizor,
filter pump and magnus effect are based upon the
Bernoulli’s theorem.
➨Note Bernoulli’s theorem is applicable only to streamline flow
of a fluid. It is not valid for non-steady or turbulent flow.
SURFACE TENSION
Surface tension of a liquid is measured by the normal
force acting per unit length on either side of an
imaginary line drawn on the free surface of liquid and
tangential to the free surface.
• If a force F acts on an imaginary line of length l, then
surface tension T F
l
= . Its SI unit is Newton/metre.
• Force of attraction applied between molecules of same
substance is called cohesive force , while attractive
force between molecules of different substances is
called adhesive force .
591GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 797 ---
592 CDS Pathfinder
• The surface tension of a liquid decreases with increase in
temperature and becomes zero at the critical temperature.
• On mixing soap, the surface tension of water decreases.
Some Phenomena Based
on Surface Tension
• Warm soup is tasty because at high temperature its surface
tension is low and consequently the soup spreads on all parts of
the tongue.
• Medicines used for washing wounds, as dettol have a surface
tension lower than water. So, they reach the fine cavities fo rmed
in the wound.
• The surface tension of the tooth-paste scum is also less that it
spreads quickly on the full areas of teeth and clean them.
• Insects and mosquitoes swim on the surface of water in ponds
and lakes due to surface tension.
• Hair of a shaving brush cling together due to surface tension ,
when the brush is taken out from the water.
• The ends of a glass tube become rounded on heating. Small
drops of mercury are spherical while large ones are flat.
Formation of lead shots, liquid-drop model of nucleus.
Floatation of needle on water. Dancing of camphor on water
and helping. Detergent in cleaning the clothes all are due to
surface tension.
ANGLE OF CONTACT
The angle inside the liquid between the tangent to the solid
surface and the tangent to the liquid surface at the point of c ontact
is called the angle of contact for that pair of solid and liqui d.
• The angle of contact for pure water and clean glass is zero. Fo r
ordinary water and glass it is about 8°.
• The angle of contact for water and silver is 90°.
• The liquids which wet the solid have acute angle of contact.
Meniscus of these liquids will be concave.
• The liquids which do not wet the solid have obtuse angle of
contact as for mercury and glass the angle of contact is 135°.
Meniscus of these liquids will be convex.
CAPILLARITY
If a capillary tube is dipped in a liquid, liquid ascends or de scends
in the capillary tube. This phenomenon is called capillarit y.
• The oil in the wick of a lamp rises due to capillary action of
threads in the wick.
• To prevent loss of water due to capillary action, the soil is
loosened and split into pieces by the farmers.
• The root hairs of plants draws water from the soil through
capillary action.
• Writing nib is split in the middle, so that a fine
capillary is formed in it. When it is dipped in
ink, the ink rises in the capillary.
➨Note The liquids which wet glass for which the angle of
contact is accute, rise up in capillary tube, while those
which do not wet glass, for which the angle of contact is
obtuse are depressed down in the capillary.
VISCOSITY
It is the property of the liquid by virtue of which,
it opposes the relative motion between its adjacent
layers.
• Viscosity is the property of liquids and gases
both.
• With rise in temperature, viscosity of liquids
decreases and that for gases increases.
• Viscosity of liquid increases with increase in
pressure.
• Viscosity of a fluid is measured by its coefficient
of viscosity. It’s SI unit is (N - s / m )
2− .
STOKES’ LAW
When a small spherical body of radius r is moving
slowly with a constant velocity v through a
perfectly homogeneous medium (liquid or gas) of
infinite extension and coefficient of viscosity η,
then the retarding viscous force acting an the body
is F r v= 6π η
• This law is used in Millikan’s method for
determining the electronic charge and for finding
out the radii of small aid-drops by measuring their
terminal velocity in air.
TERMINAL VELOCITY
When a body falls in viscous medium, its velocity
first increases and finally becomes constant. This
constant velocity is called terminal velocity. The
terminal velocity of the sphere is directly
proportional to the square of the radius of the
sphere.
• The cloud particles fall down very slowly
because of the viscosity of air and hence appear
floating in the sky.
• Thin liquids like water, alcohol, etc are less
viscous than thick liquids coal for blood, honey,
glycerine, etc.
• Honey is less viscous than glycerine.

--- PDF PAGE 798 ---
HEAT AND THERMODYNAMICS
TEMPERATURE
The measurement of hotness or coldness of a body is
called its temperature. When two bodies are placed in
contact, heat always flows from a body at higher
temperature to the body at lower temperature.
THERMOMETER
An instrument used to measure the temperature of a
body is called a thermometer. Mercury is generally
used as, thermometric substance, because it is sensitive
to slightest change in temperature which is notable
when it is used in a thermometer. Mercury has a
freezing point of − ⋅ °38 83 C and boiling point at
356 7⋅ °C, this gives a very big range to measure
temperatures for many general purposes. Also, it does
not stick to (wet) the capillary wall of the thermometers
and it is easy to obtain in its elemental form.
Temperature Scales
Some temperature scales are as follows
1. Celsius Scale (C) The melting point of the ice at
standard atmospheric pressure is regarded as 0°C
and the boiling point of water as 100°C. This
scale was designed by Anders Celsius in the year
1710.
The degree celsius (°C) can refer to a specific
temperature on the celsius scale as well as a unit
to indicate a temperature interval.
2. Fahrenheit Scale (F) The melting point of ice is
regarded as 32°F and the boiling point of water as
212°F. This scale was designed by Gabriel
Fahrenheit in the year 1717.
3. Reaumer Scale (R) The melting point of ice is
regarded as 0°R and the boiling point of water as
80°R. This scale was introduced by RA Reaumer
in year 1730.
• Scales of temperature measurement,
C F R−
−
= −
−
= −
−
0
100 0
32
212 32
0
80 0
= −
−
K 273
100 0
⇒ C F R
5
32
9 4
= − = = −K 273
5
• The normal temperature of a human body is 37 °C or
98.4 F.
• − °40 is the temperature at which Celsius and
Fahrenheit thermometers read same.
• The range of a laboratory thermometer is generally
from − °10 C to 110 ° C. A laboratory thermometer
cannot be used to measure the human body
temperature.
Total Radiation Pyrometer
Radiation pyrometer measures the temperature of a body by
measuring the radiation emitted by the body. It cannot measu re
temperature below 800°C because at low temperature, emission
of radiation is very small and cannot be detected. Sun's
temperature is measured by it.
➨Note Bolometer and thermopile are also used to measure the amount of
heat radiated by a body.
HEAT
It is a form of energy which produces the sensation of warmth
in our body.
• It is due to the kinetic energy of the molecules constituting
the object or body. Its units are calorie, kilocalorie or jou le.
• Calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the
temperature of 1 g of water through 1°C (from 10°C to
11°C). It is represented by cal, 1 cal = 4 18 .J.
• Air is a non-conductor of heat and silver is the best
conductor of heat.
• Ebonite rubber, glass and air are bad conductors of heat.
Specific Heat
• Specific heat is the amount of heat required to raise the
temperature of a unit mass of the substance by 1°C.
• If Q heat changes the temperature of m by ∆ T , then specific
heat
C Q
m T
=
∆
The SI unit of specific heat is J/kg-K.
• Specific heat of gold = 130 J/kg-K
• Specific heat of water = 4180 J/kg-K
• The specific heat of water is maximum.
• Mercury has low specific heat.
Thermal Capacity
It is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of a
body through 1K. Its units are J/K or cal/°C or kcal/°C.
Thermal capacity = mC
where, m is the mass of the body and C is the specific heat.
Water Equivalent
It is the mass of water, which absorbs or emits the same
amount of heat as is done by the given body for the same rise
or fall in temperature.
• The water equivalent of a body is denoted by W. Its SI unit
is kg and CGS unit is g.
• Water equivalent, W = mC
where, m is mass of the body and C is the specific heat.
593GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 799 ---
594 CDS Pathfinder
Principle of Calorimetry
The heat lost by the hot body must be equal to the heat
gained by the cold body. This is known as principle of
calorimetry or principle of mixtures, i.e.
Heat gained = Heat lost
• Work and heat are two equivalent forms of energy.
• Calorimeter is a cylindrical vessel made of copper.
THERMAL EXPANSION
The phenomenon of change in dimensions of an object due
to heat supplied is known as thermal expansion.
• A solid can undergo three types of expansions:
– Linear expansion (expansion in length)
– Superficial expansion (expansion in area)
– Cubical expansion (expansion in volume)
• Relation between the coefficients of linear, superficial
and cubical expansion : α β γ = 1 2 3: : : :
Practical Applications of Thermal
Expansion
• When hot tea is poured into a glass tumbler made of
soft glass, it cracks because of thermal expansion of
glass.
• Telegraph wires are given enough gap to allow the wires
for contraction in winter.
• An ordinary pendulum clock runs faster in winter but
slower in summer, because in summer the length of
pendulum increases, while in winter it decreases.
• A metallic ball before heating can pass easily through the
ring, but after heating the ball does not pass through the
ring because of the thermal expansion of ball.
• A gap is provided between the iron rails of the railway
track, so that rails can easily expand during summer and
do not bend. In the construction of bridges, ends of
steel gerders are not fixed but placed on rollers to allow
free expansion and contraction in summer and winter
respectively to avoid any damage to the bridge.
• A tightly fitted cork can be removed from a glass bottle
without breaking it on heating its mouth carefully. The
glass wall expand and the cork will come out easily.
Expansion of Liquids
• Liquids do not have their definite length and surface
area. It always need a container. When they are heated,
they expand and at the same time the container also
expands.
• The expansion of a liquid, when the expansion of its
container has not been taken into account is called
apparent-expansion .
• The expansion of a liquid, when the expansion of its
container is taken into account, is called real expansion .
Anamalous Expansion of Water
Almost every liquid expands with the increase in
temperature. But when temperature of water is increased
from 0°C to 4°C its volume decreases. If the temperature is
increased above 4°C its volume starts increasing, clearly
density of water is maximum at 4°C.
Interconversion of States of Matter
The temperature at which solid starts to liquify is known
as melting point of that solid.
• The process in which a solid changes into a liquid on
heating is called melting solid. Change of state takes
place i.e. ice changes into water.
• The process in which a liquid changes into a solid is
called fusion. The temperature at which liquid starts to
freeze is known as freezing point of the liquid.
• The process in which a liquid changes into a vapour on
heating is called vaporisation. The temperature at which
the liquid starts to evaporate is called the boiling point
where change of state takes place i.e. water changes into
water vapour or steam.
• The process of change of state directly from solid to
vapour (or gas) is known as sublimation.
LATENT HEAT
It is the amount of heat absorbed by a unit mass of the
substance to change its state without change in temperature .
• SI unit of latent heat is joule per kilogram.
• Latent heat of fusion is 80 cal/g and vaporisation is
540 cal/g.
• Ice at 0°C is more effective in cooling a substance than
water at 0°C.
• If Q is quantity of heat absorbed (or given out), then
Q mL=
where, m = mass of the substance
L = latent heat of substance.
• Steam contains more heat, in the form of latent heat,
then boiling water.
• The burns caused by steam are much more severe than
those caused by boiling water though both of them are
at the same temperature of 100°C.
EVAPORATION
It is the slow process of conversion of a liquid into its
vapour even below its boiling temperature.
• Cooking is caused by evaporation due to expansion.
• Factors affecting the evaporation of a liquid are
– the area of the liquid surface
– the nature of the liquid
– temperature of the liquid
– dryness of air
– the movement of the air
– temperature of air or surrounding

--- PDF PAGE 800 ---
RELATIVE HUMIDITY
The ratio of amount of water vapour ( )m actually present
in a certain volume of air at a given temperature to the
amount of water vapour ( )M required to saturate it, is
called relative humidity, R
H.
R m
MH = × 100%.
• The amount of water vapour in air is called as
humidity.
• The amount of water vapour in the air varies as it
depends on the rate of evaporation.
• The amount of water vapour present in 1 m 3 air is
called its absolute humidity.
• Relative humidity is measured by hygrometer.
• Relative humidity increases with the increases of
temperature.
THERMODYNAMICS
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics which deals with
exchange of heat energy between bodies and conversion
of the heat energy into mechanical energy and
vice-versa.
First Law of Thermodynamics The amount of heat
given to a system is used up in two ways, first to
increase the internal energy and second to do the
external work. i.e.
dQ dU dW= + .
Second Law of Thermodynamics The second law of
thermodynamics is the outcome of human experience
under which heat energy can be converted into
mechanical energy. This law is based upon the two
statements given below.
(i) It is impossible to construct a device which operates
in a cycle that will take heat from a body and
convert it completely into the work.
(Kelvin-Planck’s Statements)
(ii) It is impossible to construct a self acting device
which operates in a cycle that will transfer heat
from a cold body to a hot body without
expenditure of work (Clausius Statement).
Nature of Internal Energy
• According to the kinetic modal of matter, every
substance is composed of molecules which are in
constant motion inside the substance. Hence,
molecules posses kinetic energy.
• Molecules also exert force on one another which is
called intermolecular force, hence they posses potential
energy also. The kinetic energy and potential energy
of molecules is the internal energy of the substance.
• The internal energy of an ideal gas is only the kinetic
energy of its molecules which depends only upon the
temperature of the gas.
Difference between Petrol Engine and Diesel Engine
Petrol engine Diesel engine
It works with a spark plug. It works with an oil plug.
Efficiency is smaller (47%). Efficiency is larger ( 55 %).
It is associated with the risk of
explosion, because petrol vapour and
air is compressed. So, low
compression ratio is kept.
No risk of explosion, because only
air is compressed. Hence,
compression ratio is kept large.
Petrol vapour and air is created with
spark plug.
Spray of diesel is obtained through
the jet.
Transmission of Heat
Transfer of heat from one place to other place is called
transmission of heat.
There are three processes by which transmission of heat take s
place.
(a) Conduction (b) Convection (c) Radiation
• In solids, transmission of heat takes place by conduction
process.
• In liquids and gases heat takes place by convection
process.
• Heat from the sun reaches on the earth by radiation.
• Mercury though a liquid is heated by conduction and not
by convection.
• In rooms, ventilators are provided to escape the hot air by
the process of convection.
• Air is poor conductor of heat.
• On a cold night two thin blankets gives more hotness than
a single thick blanket because the layer of air between the
two blankets works as better insulator of heat.
• Cooking utensils are made up of aluminium, brass and
steel, because these substances have low specific heat and
high conductivity.
KIRCHHOFF’S LAW
Kirchhoff’s law signifies that good absorbers are good
emitters. If a shining metal ball with some black spot on its
surface is heated to a high temperature and seen in dark, the
shining ball becomes dull but the black spots shines
brilliantly because black spot absorbs radiation during he ating
and emit in dark.
• White and light colours are bad absorbers and good
reflectors of heat.
• In deserts, day temperature is very high and night
temperature is extremely low because the specific heat of
sand is very low. Therefore, it absorbs the heat readily and
its temperature raises by a large degree during day. At
night sand radiates the heat equally readily making the
temperature loss.
Perfectly Black Body A perfectly black body is one which
absorbs completely all the radiations falling on its surfac e,
whatever be the wavelength.
595GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 801 ---
596 CDS Pathfinder
Perfectly black body is a perfect absorber hence,
according to Kirchhoff’s law, it will also be a perfect
radiator. It is not essential that a perfectly black body
should appear black. Sun emits radiation of all
wavelength, so it may be called a black body, even
though it looks white.
Stefan’s Law The radiant energy emitted by unit area of
perfectly black body per unit time is directly
proportional to the fourth power of its absolute
temperature.
E T E T∝ ⇒ =
4 4 σ
where, σ is Stefan's constant.
➨Note Wein's displacement law can be used to compute the
temperature of the sun or of the stars.
Newton’s Law of Cooling The rate of loss of heat by a
body is directly proportional to the difference in
temperature between the body and the surrounding.
If the door of refrigerator is kept open, it will not cool the
room, it will increases the temperature of the room, because
heat rejected by the refrigerator to the room, will be more
than the heat taken by the refrigerator from the room.
OSCILLATIONS AND WAVES
PERIODIC MOTION
When a body repeats its motion continuously on a definite
path in a definite interval of time, then its motion is called
periodic motion and the interval of time is called time
period. Motion of hands of a clock, motion of earth around
the sun and motion of the needle of a sewing machine are
examples of periodic motion.
Oscillatory Motion
If a body in periodic motion moves along the same path
to and fro about a definite point (mean position or
equilibrium position), then the motion of the body is a
vibratory motion or oscillatory motion. Oscillatory motio n
is also called as harmonic motion.
• The motion of the pendulum of a wall clock, the motion
of the bob of a simple pendulum, the motion of a loaded
spring, the motion of liquid contained in a U-tube , the
motion of the prongs of tuning fork and the motion of a
bar magnet suspended in the earth’s magnetic field are
examples of oscillatory motion.
• All oscillatory motions are periodic motions, but all
periodic motions are not oscillatory.
SIMPLE HARMONIC MOTION
(SHM)
If a particle repeats its motion about a fixed point after a
regular time interval in such a way that at any moment the
acceleration of the particle is directly proportional to it s
displacement from the fixed point at that moment and is
always directed towards the fixed point, then the motion
of the particle is called simple harmonic motion.
• Vibrations of the prongs of a tuning fork, oscillations of
a body. Suspended by a spring. Oscillations of a body
partly immersed in a liquid and oscillations of a simple
pendulum are examples of simple harmonic motion.
• When a particle executing SHM passes through the mean
position, then
– no force acts on the particle.
– velocity is maximum.
– acceleration is zero.
– kinetic energy is maximum.
– potential energy is zero.
• When a particle executing SHM is at the extreme end,
then
– velocity of particle is zero.
– acceleration of the particle is maximum.
– kinetic energy of particle is zero.
– potential energy is maximum.
– restoring force acting on particle is maximum.
• In case of spring block system, time period of oscillation
is given by
T m
k
= 2π , where m is the mass of the block.
• In case of spring block system, the restoring force
F kx= −
where, x is displacement of the block from mean
position and k is spring constant.
RESTORING FORCE
When oscillating particle is displaced from its equilibriu m
position, then a periodic force acts upon it which is always
directed towards the equilibrium position. This force is
called restoring force.
Simple Pendulum
A simple pendulum consists of a small metal ball
suspended by a long thread from a rigid support, such that
the bob is free to swing back and forth.
• The distance of the pendulum from its mean position is
called its displacement.
• The maximum displacement of the pendulum on either
side of its mean position is called the amplitude of
oscillations.
• Time period is the time taken by the pendulum to
complete one full oscillation.

--- PDF PAGE 802 ---
• Frequency is the number of full oscillations completed by
pendulum in one second.
• Second pendulum is one whose time period is 2s.
• Time period of simple pendulum T L
g
= 2π , where L is length
of thread and g is the acceleration due to gravity.
• The time period of a simple pendulum of infinite length is 84. 6
min. A pendulum clock goes slow in summer and fast in winter.
• If a simple pendulum is suspended in a lift descending down
with acceleration, then time period of pendulum will increa se. If
lift is ascending, then time period of pendulum will decreas e.
• If a lift falling freely under gravity, then the time period o f the
pendulum will be infinite.
• At moon, the time period of simple pendulum increases becaus e
acceleration due to gravity at moon is lesser.
➨Note Every body inside a satellite remains in a state of weightles sness, that
is the effective value of g remains zero. Hence, a pendulum inside a satellite
will not oscillate. Therefore, the pendulum clock cannot wo rk inside space
satellites.
Oscillation of Liquid Column in a U-tube
If a liquid is taken in a U-tube, it maintains equal level in bo th the
columns of the tube. When air is blown-in on side B, the liquid
may go down upto point D. The displacement of the liquid is
given by BD x= .
In the second column, the
liquid goes upto E and the
displacement is CE. As the
applied force is withdrawn,
the liquid level in the second
column comes down because
of gravity from E to C. But
due to inertia, it overshoots the mark C and goes to F CF x( ) = ,
whereas the liquid in the other column also goes up by the same
distance.
Thus, the liquid starts oscillating in both the columns. Thi s
motion of the liquid in the U-tube is SHM with time period,
T h
g
= 2π where, h is the height of liquid in each column.
WAVES
A wave is a disturbance which propagates energy
from one place to the other without the transport
of matter.
These are of two types
Mechanical Waves
The waves which require material medium (solid,
liquid or gas) for their propagation are called
mechanical waves or elastic waves. These are of two
types
(i) Longitudinal Waves If the particles of the
medium vibrate in the direction of propagation
of wave, the wave is called longitudinal waves.
Waves on springs or sound waves in air are
examples of longitudinal waves.
(ii) Transverse Waves If the particles of the
medium vibrates perpendicular to the direction
of propagation of wave, the wave is called
transverse waves.
Waves on strings under tension, waves on the
surface of water are examples of transverse
waves.
Electromagnetic Waves
The waves which do not require any medium for
their propagation i.e. which can propagate even
through the vacuum are called electromagnetic
waves. They propagate as transverse wave.
• Electromagnetic waves of wavelength range 10 3−
m to 10 2− m are called microwaves.
• Microwaves are absorbed by water molecules and
living tissue internal heating will damage or kill
cells.
• Microwaves are used in communications,
satellites, telephony, heating water and food.
➨Note Cathode rays, canal rays, α -rays, β-rays are not
electromagnetic waves. Light and heat are examples of
electromagnetic waves.
597GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Spectrum of Electromagnetic Waves
Electromagnetic Waves Discoverer Wavelength range
(in metre)
Frequency
range Uses
γ-rays Henry Becqueral 10
14− to 10 10− 1020 to 1018 Medical tracers, killing cancerous cells,
steralisation, imaging defects in metal.
X-rays W Roenetgen 10
10− to 10 8− 1018 to 1016 Imaging defects in bones, hidden devices.
Ultraviolet rays Ritter 10 8− to 10 7− 1016 to 1014 Making vitamin D, making ions.
Visible radiation Newton 3 9 10 7. × − to 7 8 10 7. × − 1014 to 1012 Photography
Infrared rays Hershel 7 8 10 7. × − to 7 8 10 3. × − 1012 to 1010 TV remote control
Short radio waves
or Hertz hertzian waves
Heinrich 10
3− to 1 1010 to 108 Communication, radio, TV.
Long radio waves Marcony 1 to 104 108 to 106 Communication, radio, TV.
B C
h
B C
E
Fx
x
D

--- PDF PAGE 803 ---
598 CDS Pathfinder
Important□Terms□Related□to□Waves
• Amplitude (A) Maximum displacement of a vibrating
particle of medium from its mean position is called
amplitude.
• Wavelength (λ ) Wavelength is the distance between any
two nearest particle of the medium, vibrating in the
same phase.
• Frequency ( f ) Frequency of vibration of a particle is
defined as the number of vibrations completed by
particle in one second.
Frequency
= 1
Time period
• Velocity of wave ( v) = Frequency ( f ) × Wavelength ( )λ
Waves□in□Different□Frequency□Range
According to their frequency range, longitudinal
mechanical waves are divided into the following categories :
• The longitudinal mechanical waves which lie in the range
20 Hz to 20000 Hz are called audible or sound waves .
Human ears are sensitive to the waves in this frequency
range.
• The longitudinal mechanical waves having frequencies
less than 20 Hz are called infrasonic. These are
produced by earthquakes, volcanic eruption, ocean waves
and elephants and whales.
• The longitudinal mechanical waves having frequencies
greater than 20000 Hz are called ultrasonic waves .
• Human ear cannot detect the ultrasonic waves. But
certain creatures like dog, cat, bat, mosquito can detect
these waves. Bat also produces ultrasonic waves.
• Ultrasonic waves are used for sending signals, measuring
the depth of sea, cleaning clothes and machinery parts of
clocks removing lamp shoot from chimney of factories
and in ultrasonography.
• The use of ultrasonic waves to investigate the action of
the heart is called echocardiography.
Sound Waves
Sound wave is the form of energy which make us hear and
having frequency and high wavelength. These can not
travel in vacuum. It is of two types i.e. longitudinal wave
and mechanical wave.
• The rebouncing back of sound when it strikes a hard
surface is called reflection of sound . The reflection of
sound is utilised in working of devices such as
megaphone, bulbhorn, stethoscope and sound board.
• The repetition of sound caused by the reflection of
sound waves is called an echo. In addition to curtains,
carpets and sofa-sets in our rooms also reduce the
formation of echoes by absorbing sound waves.
• The persistence of sound in a big hall due to repeated
reflections from walls, ceiling and floor of the hall is
reverberation.
• To hear echo, the minimum distance between the observer
and reflection should be 17. Persistance of ear is 1/10 s.
• At the moon, the echo is not heared due to absence of
atmosphere.
SONAR
It stands for sound navigation and ranging. It is used to
measure the depth of a sea and to locate the submarines
and shipwrecks. The transmitter of a sonar produces pulses
of ultrasonic sound waves of frequency of about 50000 Hz.
The reflected sound waves are received by the receiver.
Speed of Sound
The distance travelled by sound wave in one second is
known as speed of sound wave. i.e.
Speed of sound, v Frequency Wavelength= ×
• Speed of sound basically depends upon elasticity and
density of medium. The speed of sound in a medium is
given by
v E
d
= , where E is modulus of elasticity of
the medium and d = density.
• For gases, v p
d
= γ
where, p is pressure and γ is ratio of specific heats.
• Speed of sound is maximum in solids and minimum in
gases. Speed of sound in air is 332 m/s, 1483 m/s in
water and 5130 m/s in iron.
• When sound enters from one medium to another
medium, its speed and wavelength changes but frequency
remains unchanged.
• Speed of sound remains unchanged by the increase or
decrease of pressure.
• The speed of sound increases with the increase of
temperature of the medium. The speed of sound in air
increases by 0.61 m/s, when the temperature is
increased by 1°C.
• The speed of sound is more in humid air than in dry air
because the density of humid air is less than the density
of dry air.
• The speed of sound in air is very slower as compared to
the speed of light in air. Therefore, in rainy season, the
flash of lightning is seen first and the sound of thunder
is heard a little later.
➨Note The astronauts who land on moon, talk to one another
through wireless sets using radio waves.
Characteristics of Sound Waves
There are following characteristics of sound waves.
Intensity
Intensity of sound at any point in space is defined as
amount of energy passing normally per unit area held
around that point per unit time. SI unit of intensity is
W / m
2.

--- PDF PAGE 804 ---
• Intensity of sound at a point is inversely
proportional to the square of the distance of point
from the source and directly proportional to the
square of amplitude of vibration, square of
frequency and density of the medium.
• The loudness depends on intensity as well as on
sensitivity of ear.
• The loudness of sound is measured in decibel (dB).
• Sound level, β = 


10
10
0
log I
I
where, I0 = the minimum intensity that can be heard
called threshold of hearing 10 12− W/m 2 at 1 kHz.
Standard value of noise pollution
Areas Day time (dB) Night time (dB)
Industrial area 75 70
Commercial area 65 55
Residential area 55 45
Silence 50 40
➨Note Likewise intensity of sound wave, intensity of an
earthquake defines the energy released by it which is indica ted
by the local effects and potential for damage produced on the
earth’s surface. It can be measured by a seismograph.
Pitch
It is that characteristic of sound, which distinguishes a
sharp sound from a grave sound.
• Pitch depends upon frequency of sound waves.
• The pitch of female voice is higher than the pitch of
male voice.
• The pitch of sound produced by roaring of lion is
lower whereas the pitch of sound produced by
mosquito whisper is high.
Quality (or Timbre)
It is that characteristic of sound which enables us to
distinguish between sounds produced by two sources
having the same intensity and pitch.
SHOCK WAVES
A body moving with supersonic speed in air leaves
behind it a conical region of disturbance which spreads
continuously. Such a disturbance is called shock
waves.
• These waves carry huge energy and may even make
cracks in window panes or even damage a building.
• The speed of supersonic wave is measured in mach
number. One mach number is the ratio of velocity
of source to the velocity of sound.
• Mach number = Velocity of source
Velocity of sound
– If mach number > 1, body is called supersonic.
– If mach number > 5, body is called hypersonic.
– If mach number < 1, body is said to be moving with
subsonic speed.
Resonance
• If however, the frequency of the external force is equal to
the natural frequency of the body, then the amplitude of the
forced oscillations of the body becomes quite large. This
phenomenon is called resonance.
• A group of soldiers on a bridge are advised not to walk in
steps because their movement causes the bridge to vibrate. I f
they walk in step, the frequency of vibration may match the
natural frequency of the bridge structure and thus causing
resonance. This resonance of frequency can cause the bridge
to collapse.
Some Definitions Regarding Waves
Interference When two waves of same frequency, same
wavelength, same velocity moves in the same direction. Thei r
superimposition results in the interference. In interfere nce,
energy is neither created nor destroyed but is redistribute d.
Beat When two sound waves of slightly different frequencies,
travelling in a medium along the same direction, superimpos e
on each other, the intensity of the resultant sound at a
particular position rises and falls regularly with time. Th is
phenomenon of regular variation in intensity of sound with
time at a particular position is called beats.
Progressive Waves The disturbance produced in the medium
travels onward, it being handed over from one particle to the
next. Each particle executes the same type of vibration as th e
preceding one, though not at the same time.
Stationary Waves When combination of two waves moving in
opposite directions, each having the same amplitude and
frequency.
DOPPLER’S EFFECT
If there is a relative motion between source of sound and
observer, the apparent frequency of sound heard by the
observer is different from the actual frequency of sound
emitted by the source. This phenomenon is called Doppler’s
effect.
When the distance between the source and observer decreases ,
the apparent frequency increases and vice-versa.
Uses of Doppler’s Effect
(i ) By police to check over speeding of vehicles.
(ii ) At airport to guide the aircraft.
(iii ) To study heart beats and blood flow in different parts on
the body.
(iv) It is used to determine the velocities of which stars and
galaxies are moving toward or away from the earth.
599GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 805 ---
600 CDS Pathfinder
OPTICS
LIGHT
It is the radiation which makes our eyes able to see the
object. Its speed is 3 10
8× m/s in vacuum.
• Light is the form of energy. It is a transverse wave and it
takes 8 min 19 s to reach on the earth from the sun.
• The light reflected from the moon takes 1.28 s to reach
the earth.
• It represents the phenomenon of reflection, refraction,
interference, diffraction, scattering and polarisation.
Reflection of Light
Reflection is the phenomenon of change in the path of light
without any change in its medium. In reflection, the
frequency, speed and wavelength do not change, but a
phase change may occur depending on the nature of
reflecting surface.
Laws of Reflection
• The angle of reflection ( )∠ r is always equal to the angle
of incidence ( )∠ i i.e. ∠ = ∠i r .
• The incident ray, the reflected ray and the normal at the
point of incidence all lie in the same plane.
MIRROR
It is a polished surface (one side) like glass, which reflect s
almost all the light that is incident on it.
There are two types of mirror
Plane Mirror
If the reflecting surface of a mirror is plane, then the
mirror is called a plane mirror .
• Size of image is always equal to the size of object.
• The minimum size of the mirror required to see the full
image of an observer is half the height of the observer.
• If the plane mirror is rotated in the plane of incidence by
an angle θ, then the reflected ray rotates by an angle 2θ.
• If the object is displaced by a distance x towards or
away from the mirror, then its image will be displaced
by a distance x towards or away from the mirror.
• Focal length of plane mirror is infinity i.e. power of the
plane mirror is zero.
• Linear magnification produced by plane mirror is 1.
• When two plane mirrors are kept facing each other at an
angle θ and an object is placed between them, then
(i) Number of images,
n = ° −360 1
θ
If 360 °
θ
, is even or object lies symmetrically.
(ii) Number of images, n = °
 
360
θ
. If
360 °
 
θ
is odd
or the object lies symmetrically.
Uses of the Plane Mirror
(i) Plane mirrors are used as looking glass.
(ii) Plane mirrors are used in constructing periscope
which is used in submarines.
(iii) Plane mirror are used to make kaleidoscope.
Spherical Mirrors
Spherical mirrors can be regarded as a part of a hollow
reflecting spheres of glass. These are of two types
(i) Concave mirror ( ii ) Convex mirror
Concave mirror The spherical mirror whose reflecting
surface is inwardly leaned, called concave mirror. It is als o
called converging mirror.
Convex mirror The spherical mirror whose reflecting
surface is outwardly leaned, called convex mirror. It is als o
called diverging mirror.
Real Image
• Real images can be formed on a screen by the actual
intersection of reflected (or refracted) light rays.
• The image formed on a cinema screen is a real image.
• A concave mirror forms real image, when an object is
placed beyond its focus.
Mirror Point of incidence
Reflected ray
B
ri
A
Incident ray
Normal
N
P
Reflection of Light
A
Principal axis
Centre of
curvature
C F B P
PoleFocus
f
Concave mirror
Pole (P)
FocusF C
Principal
axis
Centre of
curvature
Convex mirror

--- PDF PAGE 806 ---
601GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Virtual Image
• Virtual images cannot be formed on the screen by the
apparent intersection of reflected (or refracted) light
rays.
• The image of our face when we look into a plane
mirror is a virtual image. A concave mirror forms a
virtual image, when an object is placed between focus
and pole of the mirror.
Position of
object
Position of
image
Size of image Nature of
image
At infinity At F Highly diminished Real and
inverted
Between infinity
and C
Between F and C Diminished -do-
At C At C Same size -do-
Between F and C Between infinity
and C
Enlarged -do-
At F At infinity Highly enlarged -do-
Between F and P Behind the pole Enlarged Virtual and
erect
Position of
object
Position of
image
Size of
image
Nature of
image
At infinity At F Highly diminished Erect and
virtual
Between infinity
and pole
Between F
and P
Diminished in size Erect and
virtual
Image Formation by
Concave Mirror
The following are the positions and nature of the images
formed in a concave mirror for different positions of the
object
(i) When the object is at infinity Image is
formed at F.
(ii) When the rays are parallel to the principal
axis The image is formed at F.
(iii) When the object is between infinity and C
The image formed is real, inverted and smaller in
size and is formed between F and C.
(iv) When the object is at C The image formed is
inverted, real, equal in size and is formed at C
itself.
(v) When the object is between F and C The
image is formed beyond C and is inverted, real and
larger than the object.
(vi) When the object is at focus The image is
formed at infinity. The image is real, inverted and
infinitely large in size.
(vii) When the object is between F and P The images
formed behind the pole. The image is virtual, erect
and large.
From infinity
C F
Concave mirror
P
From
infinity
C
F
Concave mirror
Image
PB
A
C F
Concave mirror
P
A′
B′
Image
B
Object
D
E
A
F
Concave mirror
PB
CB'
A′
A
Object
Image
D
E
Concave mirror
P
DA
B
C F
Object
A′
B′
Concave mirror
P
D
E
B
A
C
F
Object
At infinity
P
P
A′
B′
B
A
FC
Object Image

--- PDF PAGE 807 ---
602 CDS Pathfinder
Image Formation by Convex Mirror
(i) When the object is at infinity The image is formed
at focus.
(ii) When the object is between infinity and pole
The image is formed between pole and focus.
MIRROR FORMULA
• If v is the image distance, u is the object distance and f
is the focal length of a mirror, then 1 1 1 2
v u f R
+ = =
• The linear magnification ( m) produced by a mirror is
equal to the ratio of the image distance to the object
distance with negative sign,
m v
u
f
f u
f v
f
= − =
−
= −
• If the magnification has positive sign, then the image is
virtual and erect.
• If the magnification has negative sign, then the image is
real and inverted.
Uses of Spherical Mirrors
Concave Mirrors
• These are used as reflectors in automobiles (car, buses,
etc.), head light, search light, hand torches and table
lamps.
• These are used as shaving mirrors.
• These are used by doctors for focussing intense light to
examine inside of eye, ears, etc.
• Large concave mirrors are used in the application of
solar energy, to focus the sun’s rays for heating solar
furnaces etc.
Convex Mirrors
• These are used as rear-view mirrors in automobiles as
they give large view of the traffic.
• Big convex mirrors are used as shop security mirrors.
• These are used wherever we want to see erect images.
➨Note We cannot use a concave mirror as a rear-view mirror in
motor vehicles.
REFRACTION OF LIGHT
When a ray of light passes from one medium to other, it
bends from its path. This phenomenon of bending of light
is called as refraction of light.
• When light passes from rarer medium to a denser
medium, it bends towards the normal at the point of
incidence.
• When light passes from a denser medium to a rarer
medium, it bends away from the normal.
• When a ray of light enters from one medium to other
medium its frequency and phase do not change but
wavelength and velocity change.
Laws of Refraction
• The incident ray, the refracted ray and the normal at the
point of incidence all lie in the same plane.
• The ratio of the sine of the angle of incidence to the
sine of the angle of refraction is a constant for a given
medium.
sin
sin
i
r
= µ [Snell’s law]
where, µ is refractive index of the second medium with
respect to first.
/c81
µ µ
µ
= = 2
1
c /v
c / v
2
1
∴ µ = v
v
1
2
or 1µ2 = v
v
1
2
where, v1 is speed of light in first medium and v2 is speed
of light in second medium.
Some Illustrations of Refraction
• Twinkling of stars.
• Oval shape of sun in the morning and evening.
• Bending of a linear object when it is partially dipped in
a liquid inclined to the surface of the liquid.
• A fish in a pond when viewed from air appears to be at
a smaller depth than actual depth.
• A coin at the base of a vessel filled with water appears
raised.
TOT AL INTERNAL REFLECTION
In case of propagation of light from denser to rarer
medium through a plane boundary. Critical angle is the
angle of incidence for which angle of refraction is 90°.
• If light is propagating from denser medium towards the
rarer medium and angle of incidence is more than critical
angle, then the light incident on the boundary is
reflected back in the denser medium, obeying the law of
reflection. This phenomenon is called total internal
reflection.
Image
B′B
Object at
infinity
A′
F
Convex mirror
Image
B′
A
B
Object
E
P
M
A′
F C
Convex mirror

--- PDF PAGE 808 ---
• Conditions of Total Internal Reflection
– Light must be propagating from denser to rarer
medium.
– Angle of incidence must exceeds the critical angle.
• Sparkling of diamond, mirage and looming, shinning
of air bubble in water and optical fibre are the
examples of total internal reflection.
➨Note Optical fibre is used for the transmitting and receiving the
electrical signals after converting it into the light signa l.
SPHERICAL LENSES
A lens is a piece of transparent glass bounded by two
spherical surfaces.
There are two types of lenses
(i) Convex lens (converging lens) A lens which is
thicker at the centre and thinner at its ends.
(ii ) Concave lens (diverging lens) A lens which is
thinner at the centre and thicker at its ends.
• The centre point of a lens is known as its optical
centre.
• The line joining the centres of the surfaces of the lens
is called the principal axis of the lens.
• The distance of the first focus from the optical centre
of the lens is called the first focal length of the lens.
• The distance of the second focus from the optical
centre of the lens is called the second focal length or
the principal focal length.
Position of
object Position of image Size of image Nature of
image
At infinity At F2 Highly
diminished
Real and
inverted
Beyond 2
1F Between F2 and 2 2F Diminished -do-
At 2 1F At 2 2F Same size -do-
Between 2 1F
and F1
Beyond 2 F2 Enlarged -do-
At F1 At infinity Highly enlarged -do-
Between F1
and lens
Behind the object,
on the same side of
the object
Enlarged Virtual and
erect
Position of
object
Position of
image Size of image Nature of
image
At infinity At F2 Diminished Erect and
virtual
Between infinity
and lens
Between F
2 and
lens
Diminished Erect and
virtual
Image Formation by a Convex Lens
(i) Object at infinity The image formed is at second focus,
real, inverted and highly diminished.
(ii) Object beyond 2F1 The image formed is between F2
and 2 2F on the right side of the lens, real, inverted and
diminished.
(iii) Object at 2 1F The image formed is at 2 2F , real, inverted
and of same size as that of the object.
(iv) Object between F1 and 2 1F The image formed is beyond
2 2F , real, inverted and magnified.
603GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Principal
axis Optical
centre
F1F2
Second
focus
First
focusConcave
lens
(b)
Optical
centre
Principal
axis
F2 Second
focus
First focus
F1
Convex lens
(a)
C
A′
Image
F B2 ′
Parallel rays from top
point of distant object
D
Convex lens
B
A
A
F1
Object
at infinity
C
A′
Image
F2
D
Convex lens
B
Object
F12F1
B′ 2F2
A
O
A′
Image
F2
D
Convex lens
F12
Object
F1
2F2
A
B′
B
O
F2
D
Convex lens
F1
Object
A
2F1
2F2 B′
A′
Image
f
2f
B

--- PDF PAGE 809 ---
604 CDS Pathfinder
(v) Object at F1 The image formed is real, inverted,
and highly enlarged at infinity.
(vi) Object between F1 and O The image formed is
behind the object, virtual, erect and enlarged.
Image Formation by a Concave Lens
(i) Object at infinity The image formed is at F2,
erect, virtual and diminished.
(ii) Object anywhere between infinity and lens The
image formed is between F2 and lens, erect, virtual
and diminished.
LENS FORMULA
• If v is the image distance, u is the object distance and f
is the focal length of a lens, then
1 1 1
f u
= −
v
Magnification, m v
u
=
= I
O
= Size of image
Size of object
• If the magnification m has a positive value, the image
is virtual and erect. And if the magnification m has a
negative value the image will be real and inverted.
• If m is the total magnification of two lenses in contact
having magnification m1 and m2, then
m m m= × 1 2
• Power ( P) of a lens is the reciprocal of focal length of lens
i.e. P
f
= 1
SI unit of power is dioptre (D).
• If two or more lenses are combined, then
– there is an increase in the magnification of image.
– the final image is erect.
– the spherical aberration is reduced.
• If P is power of two lenses in contact having powers P1
and P2, then
P P P= +1 2 or 1 1 1
1 2F f f
= +
• If two lenses of equal focal length but of opposite nature
are in contact, then combination will behaves as a plane
glass plate and f = ∞
➨Note When lens is dipped in a liquid of higher refractive index the
focal length increases and convex lens behaves as concave le ns and
vice-versa.
An air bubble trapped in water or glass appears as convex but b ehaves
as concave lens.
Properties of Light
Dispersion of Light
Sir Isaac Newton observed that when a narrow beam of light
is incident on a prism, the emergent beam is not only
deviated but at the same time splits up into a coloured band
of seven colours. This phenomenon is called dispersion
of light.
• The seven colours of band are Violet, Indigo, Blue,
Green, Yellow, Orange and Red (can be memorised as
VIBGYOR).
• The colour of an object is determined by the colour of the
light reflected by it.
• Violet colour deviates through maximum angle and red
colour deviates through the minimum angle.
• Rainbow is formed due to the dispersion of light suffering
refractions and total internal reflection in the droplets
present in the atmosphere.
Primary Colours
Red, green and blue are called primary colours or basic
colours.
Mixing of Colours
Red + Green + Blue = White
Red + Blue = Magenta
Blue + Green = Peacock blue (or Cyan)
Red + Green = Yellow
A′
OB′
Object
X
Y
F2
DA
B
Object
F1
Convex lens
O
Concave lens
F2
ImageObject at
infinity
Concave lens
F2
A′ C
OB′
Image
B
Image
A
O
Convex lens
F1
Object
A
B
f
D
F2
X
Y

--- PDF PAGE 810 ---
• Magenta, Cyan and Yellow, etc., are called secondary
colours.
• A rose appears red, when day light falls on it because it
absorbs all the constituent colour of white light except
red which it reflects to us.
• If all the colours of white light are reflected back from
the object, then it appears white.
• If all the colours of white light are absorbed by the
object, then it appears black.
• The natural colours of transparent objects are due to
their selective transmission of light.
Scattering of Light
• When sunlight passes through the earth’s atmosphere,
much of the light is absorbed by the fine dust particles
and air molecules in the atmosphere which give out the
absorbed light in some other direction. This is
scattering of light.
• The scattering of light by particle in its path is called
Tyndall effect.
• The blue coloured light present in white sunlight is
scattered much more easily by air molecules causes the
blue colour of the sky.
• The sun and the surrounding sky appear red at sunrise
and at sunset because at that time most of blue colour
present in sunlight has been scattered out and away
from our line of sight, leaving behind mainly red colour
in the direct sunlight beam that reaches our eyes.
• Dangers signals are of red colour because red colour of
light scatter least and therefore signals can be see from
far.
• If the earth had no atmosphere, there would have been
no scattering of sunlight at all. In that case, no light
from the sky would have entered our eyes and the sky
would have looked dark and black to us.
Interference of Light
When two waves of exactly same frequency travels in a
medium, in the same direction simultaneously, then due to
their superposition at same points, intensity of light is
maximum while at some other points intensity is
minimum. This phenomenon is called interference of light.
• Thin layer of oil on water surface and soap bubbles
show various colours in white light due to interference
of waves reflected from the two surfaces of the film.
• Polarisation is the only phenomenon which proves that
light is a transverse wave.
Diffraction of Light
If an opaque obstacle is kept between a source of light
and a screen, a sufficiently distinct shadow is obtained on
the screen. This shows that light which travels the
obstacle is small. There is a departure from straight line
propagation and so the light bends round the corners of
obstacle and enters in the geometrical shadow. This
bending of the light is called diffraction.
HUMAN EYE
Human eye is an optical instrument which forms real image
of the objects.
• The ability of an eye to focus the distant objects as well
as the nearby objects on the retina by changing the focal
length of its lens is called accommodation.
• Least distance of distinct vision is 25 cm.
• Far point of normal eye is at infinity.
Defect of Human Eye
The ability to see is called vision. The defects of vision are
known as defects of eye. There are following defects of
human eye
• Myopia A person suffering from myopia can see the
near objects clearly while far objects are not clear;
concave lens is used to remove it. The defect of eye called
myopia is caused
(i) due to high converging power of eye lens or
(ii) due to eye ball being too long.
• Hypermetropia A person suffering from
hypermetropia can see the distant objects clearly but not
the near objects. Convex lens is used to remove it.
The defect of eye called hypermetropia is caused
(i) due to low converging power of eye lens or
(ii) due to eye ball being too short.
• Presbyopia In the old age, the power of accomodation
of the eye is so much lost that a person can neither see
the near objects distinctly nor the distant objects. To
correct this defect bifocal lens is used.
• Astigmatism In this defect, a person cannot distantly
see the horizontal and vertical lines, simultaneously at a
normal distance. To correct this defect, cylindrical lens i s
used.
• Cataract In this defect, an opaque, white membrane is
developed on cornea due to which a person losses power
of vision partially or completely. This defect can be
removed by removing this membrane through surgery.
➨Note Colour blindness is a genetic disorder which occurs by
inheritance. John Dalton was colour blind.
Optical Magnifying Instruments
Microscope
A microscope is an instrument used to see objects that are
too small for the naked eye.
• A simple microscope consists of a convex lens of small
focal length.
• It is used to see the details of very small objects.
• The magnifying power of a simple microscope is given by
M D
f
D= +


1 , is least distance of distinct vision.
• For compound microscope m m mo e= × , where mo is
magnification of objective lens and me is magnification of
eye-piece.
605GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 811 ---
606 CDS Pathfinder
Telescope
• Telescope is an optical instrument which is used for observi ng
distinct images of heavenly bodies like stars, planets, etc .,
when the final image is formed at infinity.
• There are two types of telescopes
– Astronomical telescope (invented by Kepler in 1611)
– Galilean telescope (invented by Galileo in 1609)
• In an astronomical telescope, the objective lens is a convex lens
of large focal length but eye-piece is a convex lens of short
focal length.
• In Galilean telescope, the objective lens is a convex lens of
large focal length but the eye-piece is a concave lens of shor t
focal length.
• Magnifying power of telescope, m f
f
o
e
= where fo
is focal length of objective of the telescope and
where f
e is focal length of eye-piece of the
telescope.
• Length of telescope tube in astronomical telescope
is
L f f
o e= +
In Galilean telescope the length of telescope,
L f f o e= + .
➨Note Periscope consists of two plane mirrors inclined at an
angle of 45°. The principle of working of periscope is based
upon reflection and refraction.
ELECTRIC CURRENT
ELECTRIC CHARGE
Charge is the basic property associated with matter due to
which it produces and experience electrical and magnetic
effects. The SI unit of electric charge is Coulomb.
• Positively charged particles called protons and negativel y
charged particles called electrons. A proton possesses a
positive charge of 1 6 10
19. × − C, whereas, an electron
possesses a negative charge of 1 6 10 19. × − C.
• Similar charges repel each other and opposite charges
attract each other.
Conservation of Charges
When two or more charged bodies come in contact, then
total charge on all the bodies are conserved.
• Conductors are those substances which allow passage of
electrical charges to flow through them and have very
low electrical resistance e.g. copper, aluminium, gold,
silver, etc.
• Human body and earth act like a conductor. Silver is the
best conductor.
• Charges are always distributed on the surface of the
conductor.
• Resistors offer high resistance to the flow of current
through them e.g. eureka, nichrome, etc.
• Insulators have infinite resistance and do not allow the
passage of current. e.g. rubber, glass, ebonite, etc.
➨Note The presence of free electrons in a substance makes it a
conductor.
Coulomb’s Law
• The force of attraction or the force of repulsion acting
between the two point charges is proportional to the
product of the magnitudes of the two charges and
inversely proportional to the square of the distance
between them i.e.
F q q
r
= 1
4 0
1 2
2πε
Electric Field
The region around an electric charge in which its effect can
be experienced is called the electric field.
Electric field intensity
(E F
q
) =
0
Electric Potential
The electric potential at a point in an electric field is the
work done in bringing a unit positive charge from infinity
to that point.
• Electric potential = Work done
Charge
. Its SI unit is volt (V).
• Potential difference ( )V VA B− between two points A and
B is the work done in bringing a unit charge from point
B to point A.
• Potential difference is a scalar quantity and is measured
by means of voltmeter (a high resistance device).
• The electric potential inside a spherical surface is same at
each point and is equal to the potential on the surface.
• Electrical potential on earth is considered to be zero.
• A voltmeter connected in parallel with conductor to
measure the potential difference across its ends.
• Voltage is the other name for potential difference.
Electric Current
• The rate of flow of electric charges through any
cross-section of conductor is called electric current.
• The direction of positive charges is same as direction of
conventional current.
• Current Charge
Time
= ⇒ I Q
t
=
• The SI unit of electric current is ampere.
• Current is measured by an instrument called ammeter.
• An ammeter is connected in series with the conductor to
measure the current passing through it.

--- PDF PAGE 812 ---
• There are two types of electric current ( i ) Alternating
current (AC) and ( ii) Direct current (DC).
• Alternating current is used in houses and factories and its
frequency is 50 Hz.
• Ordinary DC ammeter and DC voltmeter cannot
measure alternating current/voltages. They record zero
reading, when used in AC circuits, because average value
of alternating current/voltage over a full cycle is zero.
Galvanometer
It is a device used to detect and measure electric current in
a circuit. It can measure current up to 10
6− A.
A galvanometer can be converted into a voltmeter by
connecting a very high resistance in its series.
➨Note Conventionally the direction of electric current is opposi te to
that of electrons. Since, electrons flow from negative term inal of a
cell to its positive terminal, electric current flows from p ositive
terminal to negative terminal.
Capacitor
A capacitor or condenser is a device over which a large
amount of charge can be stored.
• Capacitance of capacitor (C) Charge
Potential
= ( )
( )
Q
V
• Its unit is coulomb/volt or farad.
• A capacitor is used in several electrical devices having an
electric motor and in several electronic circuits.
OHM’S LAW
If the physical circumstances of the conductor. (length,
temperature, etc) remains constant then the current flowin g
through the conductor is directly proportional to the
potential difference across its ends.
i.e. I V∝
or V IR= , where R is resistance.
Resistance
The resistance of a conductor is directly proportional to it s
length and inversely proportional to its cross-sectional a rea.
If l and A are respectively length and cross-sectional area of
a conductor and R is its resistance, then
R l
A
∝ ⇒ R l
A
= ρ
Unit of resistance is ohm ( )Ω .
where, ρ is a constant of material of conductor is called
specific resistance or resistivity. Its SI unit is ohm-metr e.
• On increasing the temperature of the metal, its resistance
increases.
• Those materials whose electrical conductivity lies in
between that of insulators and conductors are called
semiconductors. On increasing the temperature of
semiconductor, its resistance decreases.
• The reciprocal of resistance of a conductor is called the
electrical conductance of the conductor.
Conductance 1
Resistance
=
• Unit of conductance is mho or siemen.
• The specific resistance of the material depends only on
the material of conductor and its temperature.
• Resistivity increases with temperature.
• Resistivity of a conductor change with impurity.
• Resistivity of an alloy is greater than the resistivity of
its constituents and remains unchanged with
temperature.
• If a wire is stretched or doubled on itself, its resistance
will change, but its specific resistance will remains
unaffected.
• The reciprocal of resistivity of a conductor is called its
conductivity. Its SI unit is mho m
1− or siemen/metre
( ) 1Sm − .
Combination of Resistances
There are two combinations given below:
(i) Series combination R R R R= + +
1 2 3 and here
current flows through each conductor is same.
The total resistance in the series combination is more
than the greatest resistance in the circuit.
(ii ) Parallel combination 1 1 1 1
1 2 3R R R R
= + + and here
potential across each conductor is same.
The total resistance in parallel combination is less
than the least resistance of the circuit.
ELECTRIC POWER
Electrical power is the electrical work done per unit time.
P
= W
t
or P = ×V I
or P = I R2 [ ]/c81V IR=
or P = V
R
2
Its SI unit is watt (W).
607GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
R1 R2
E –+
R3
R3
R2
R1
V
E
+ –

--- PDF PAGE 813 ---
608 CDS Pathfinder
• 1 kilowatt hour =3600000 J = ×3.6 10 6 J
1 Horse power (HP) = 746 W
1 Horse power (HP) = 550 foot-pound/second
Unit = × ×volt ampere hour
1000
Unit = ×watt hour
1000
Heating Effect of Electric Current
Heat is produced, when electric current is passed through
a conductor. This effect is called heating effect of electri c
current.
Heat produced = =I Rt VIt
2 = V t
R
2
joule
➨Note The filament of an electric bulb gets very hot and therefore
easily oxidised. Thus, bulbs are sealed with inactive nitro gen and
argon gases to prevent oxidation of the filament and increas e its
life.
In electric bulb, tungsten is used for the construction of fi lament
because it has high melting point.
IMPORTANT POINTS BASED
ON HEATING EFFECT
● In home appliances like electric iron, electric heater
and heating rod, the heating element used is of a
nichrome (an alloy of Ni and Ci) wire. Nichrome has
high melting point and high resistivity. To avoid the
risk of electric shock, the metal body of electrical
appliances is earthed.
● An electric fuse is generally prepared from tin-lead alloy
(63% tin + 37% lead). It should have high resistance and
low melting point. It is connected in the series.
● Tubelight contains a long tube of glass which is linked
internally with a fluorescent substance. It is filled with a n
inert gas like argon along with some mercury.
Magnetic Effect of Current
When electricity passes through insulated copper wire, it
develops a magnetic field around it. Larger the amount of
electricity, stronger the magnetic field. And when we
place compass needle in the radius of the magnetic field it
diverts from its North-South position.
MAGNETS
Magnet is a piece of iron or other materials that can
attract iron containing objects and the property of
attracting the magnetic substance by a magnet is called
magnetism.
• The magnets which do not lose their magnetism with
normal treatment are called permanent magnets.
• The materials which retain their magnetism for a long
time are called hard magnetic materials.
• In bar, rod and horse-shoe magnets, North or South
poles are either indicated by the letter N or S.
• When poles of two magnets are brought close together,
they exert force on each other. This force is called
intersection between the poles.
• If we cut a magnet in two parts, then each separate part
will behave as a magnet.
• Permanent magnets are usually made of alloys such as
carbon steel, chromium steel, cobalt steel, tungsten steel
and alnico (alloy of aluminium, nickel, cobalt and iron).
• Such permanent magnets are used in microphones,
loudspeakers, electric clocks, ammeters, voltmeters,
speedometer and many other devices.
➨Note The Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) technique which is use d
to scan inner human body parts in hospitals also uses magnets for its
working.
Magnetic Field
The space in the surrounding of a magnet or a current
carrying conductor in which its magnetic effect can be
experience is called magnetic field.
• Magnetic lines of force are imaginary lines in the magnetic
field, which shows the direction of magnetic field
continuously.
• The magnetic field lines originate from the North pole of
a magnet and end at its South pole.
• The magnetic field lines do not intersect one another.
Magnetic Materials
According to behaviour of magnetic substances, they are
classified into three classes
• Those substances when placed in an external magnetic
field, acquire a very low magnetism in direction opposite
to the field are called diamagnetic substances . e.g. copper,
silver, bismuth, zinc, diamond, salt, water, mercury, etc.
• The permeability of diamagnetic substance is less than
one.
• Those substances when placed in an external field, acquire
a feeble magnetism in the direction of field are called
paramagnetic substances . e.g. aluminium, sodium,
potassium, oxygen, etc.
• The permeability of paramagnetic substance is slightly
greater than one.
• Those substances, when placed in a magnetic field, acquire a
strong magnetism in the direction of field are called
ferromagnetic substances . These substances when brought
near the end of a strong magnet get radially attracted
towards it. e.g. iron, nickel, cobalt, magnetite, etc.
• The permeability of ferromagnetic substance is much
greater than one.
Electromagnet
An electromagnet is a solenoid coil that attains magnetism d ue
to flow of current. It works on the principle of magnetic effe ct
of current. It is used in electric bells, electric motors,
telephone, diaphragms, loudspeakers etc.

--- PDF PAGE 814 ---
Magnetic Flux
The magnetic flux linked with a surface is equal to the
total number of magnetic lines of force passing through
that surface normally. Its unit is weber.
ELECTROMAGNETIC
INDUCTION
When a change occurs in the magnetic flux linked with the
coil, an emf is induced in the coil. The phenomenon is
called electromagnetic induction.
• The phenomenon of production of induced emf in a
circuit due to change in magnetic flux in its
neighbouring circuit is called mutual induction.
• When the electric current flowing through a circuit
changes, the magnetic field linked with circuit also
change. As a result an induced emf is set up in the
circuit. This phenomenon is called self-induction.
• Microphone converts sound energy into electrical energy
and works on the principle of electromagnetic induction.
Electric Generator
It is a device which converts mechanical energy into
electrical energy. An electric generator is based on the
principle of electromagnetic induction. It is used to
produce electric current by varying magnetic field through
a coil.
• A generator can produced both alternating current and
direct current.
• AC generator consists of slip rings, armature, magnet
and brushes while DC generator consists of magnet
commutator, armature and brushes.
➨Note Electric motor is a rotating device which converts electric al
energy into mechanical energy.
Transformer
Transformer is a device which converts low voltage AC
into high voltage AC and high voltage AC into low
voltage AC. It is based on mutual induction.
• Core of a transformer is made up of soft iron.
• Step-up transformer converts a low voltage of high
current into a high voltage of low current.
• Step-down transformer converts a high voltage of low
current into a low voltage of high current.
• The main energy losses in a transformer are given below:
(a) Iron loss (b) Flux loss
(c) Hysteresis loss (d) Humming loss
• Transformer is used in voltage regulators, refrigerators,
computer, air conditioner.
• Step-down transformer is used for welding purpose.
• Audio transformer allowed telephone circuits to carry on
a two-way conservation over a single pair of wires.
• Radio frequency transformers are used in radio
communication.
➨Note A mobile phone charger is one of the best example of step
down transformer as it extracts the power from the home suppl y
(AC 220V) and convert it to DC of required voltage.
609GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
MODERN PHYSICS
CATHODE RA YS
If the gas pressure in a discharge tube is 10
2− to 10 3− mm
of Hg and a potential difference of 10 4 V is applied
between the electrode, then a beam of electrons emerges
from the cathode which is called cathode rays.
• Cathode rays are invisible and travel in a straight line.
• These rays are deflected by electric and magnetic fields.
• These rays can ionise gases.
• They can produce chemical change and thus affect a
photographic plate.
• When they strike a target of heavy metal such as
tungsten, they produce X-rays.
X-RA YS
When cathode rays strike on a heavy metal of high melting
points, then a very small fraction of its energy converts
into a new type of waves, called X-rays.
• X-rays are electromagnetic waves and these produce
photoelectric effect.
• X-rays were discovered by scientist Roentgen.
• These produce illumination on falling the fluorescent
substances and travel in a straight line with the speed of
light.
• X-rays penetrate through different depth into different
substances.
• Soft X-rays have greater wavelength and lower
frequency and hard X-rays have lower wavelength and
higher frequency.
• X-rays ionise gases through which they pass.
• X-rays are not deflected by electric and magnetic fields.
• They show all the important properties of light rays like,
reflection, refraction, interference, diffraction and
polarisation, etc.
• X-rays are used in surgery, radiotherapy, engineering
department and searching.
➨Note Barium and Iodine are some chemicals used as contrast
mediums for X-ray based imaging method. i.e. they absorbs X-ray
to highlight the targeted body part.

--- PDF PAGE 815 ---
610 CDS Pathfinder
POSITIVE OR
CANAL RA YS
These rays are positively charged particles and are called
positive rays or canal rays. These rays were discovered by
Goldstein.
• These rays can affect the photographic plates.
• These rays are capable of producing physical and
chemical changes.
• These rays are deflected by electric and magnetic fields.
These rays can produce fluorescence and
phosphorescence.
Fluorescence
Some substances absorb the light of higher frequency or
shorter wavelength and emits a light having lower frequency
or higher wavelength in the presence of light source. This
phenomenon of emission of light is called fluorescence.
Such substances are called fluorescence substances.
• Fluoresphor, petrol, uranium oxide and barium platino
cyanide are examples of fluorescence substance.
• Barium platino cyanide is used in search of X-rays.
Compact Fluorescent Lamp (CFL)
Compact fluorescent lamp converts electrical energy into
radiant energy.
• It has two components
– A glass tube filled with argon and mercury vapour and
coated with layer of fluorescent materials.
– An electronic ballast circuit.
• The ballast circuit (small circuit board with rectifiers, a
filter capacitor and usually two switching transistors)
takes a 220V input from external power source and sends
a current into the fluorescent tube as output.
• When power supply is given to the CFL, filament
attached with the cathode heats up and emits electrons in
the tube. This ionises the argon and mercury vapour
particles, causing it, ultraviolet light emission.
Phosphorescence
Some substances after being kept in sunlight for sometime
emit light even after the light source is removed. This
phenomenon is called phosphorescence. Zinc sulphide,
calcium sulphide and barium sulphide are examples of
phosphorescence.
PHOTOELECTRIC EFFECT
When the ultraviolet rays (or the visible light of low
wavelength or any other kind of electromagnetic radiation)
are made incident on a metal, the electrons are emitted from
it. This phenomenon is called the photoelectric emission or
photoelectric effect.
Photoelectric cell is based on photoelectric effect. It is a
device by which light energy is converted into the
electrical energy.
Applications of photoelectric effect are given below
(i) In reproduction of sound in cinema, television and
photo telegraphy.
(ii) In automatic switches for street lights.
(iii) In photoelectric sorters.
(iv) To control the temperature in furnace and in
chemical process.
(v) In industries for locating minor flows or holes in
metallic sheets.
SEMICONDUCTOR
Semiconductors are those materials whose electrical
conductivity at room temperature lies in between that of
insulator and conductor. A semiconductor in an extremely
pure form is known as intrinsic semiconductor.
• If a measured and small amount of chemical impurity is
added to intrinsic semiconductor, it is called extrinsic
semiconductor or doped semiconductor.
• External semiconductors are of two types
(i) n-type semiconductor
(ii) p-type semiconductor
• An extrinsic semiconductor in which electrons are
majority charge carrier is called n-type semiconductor .
• An extrinsic semiconductor in which holes are the
majority charge carrier is called p-type semiconductor .
Special Purpose Diodes
An arrangement consisting a p-type semiconductor
brought into a close contact with n-type semiconductor is
called a p-n junction or p-n junction diode.
• A device which converts alternating current (AC) or
voltage into direct current (DC) or voltage is known as
rectifier. DC can be converted into AC with the help
of an inverter.
• LED’s are specially designed diode made up of GaAsP,
GaP and are used in electronic gadgets as indicator
light. It is used as a rectifier which converts an
alternating current into direct current.
• LED’s light up very quickly. A typical red indicator
LED will achieve full brightness in microseconds.
• LED or semiconductor laser is used to convert
electrical energy into optical energy.
• Zener diode is a highly doped p-n junction diode which
is not damaged by high reverse current. It can be used
as voltage regulator.
• Photo diode is a special p-n junction diode fabricated
with a transparent window to allow light to fall on the
diode. It is used in reverse biasing.
➨Note Diode valve acts as a rectifier and triode valve can be used as
amplifier oscillator and detector.

--- PDF PAGE 816 ---
Solar Cell
Solar cell is a p-n junction device which converts solar
energy into electrical energy. It is consist of a silicon or
gallium arsenide p-n junction.
Uses of Solar Cell
(i) Solar cells are used as solar cooker.
(ii) Solar cells are used in wrist watches, calculators and
light meters.
(iii) Solar cells are also used in artificial satellite to
provide power inside the satellite.
(iv) Solar cells are used for charging storage batteries.
Integrated Circuits
An IC can be defined generally as an arrangement of
multifunction semiconductor devices. It consists of a sing le
crystal chip of silicon, nearly 1.5 mm
2 in cross-section.
TV remote control is an electronic device containing an IC
and few other components. If a key on a remote control is
pressed, it emits infrared signals which are received by the
electronic circuit of the TV receiver, etc.
LASER
The word LASER is the short form of Light
Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation. It is
an optical device, which produces an intensive beam
highly coherent, monochromatic light.
Applications of laser rays are described below
(i) Laser rays are used in treatment of detached retina,
treatment of skin cancer and surgery of brain.
(ii) Laser beams are used in signals and radio
communications.
(iii) The property of high intensity is used to cut hard
metals.
(iv) The weather informations are collected with the help
of radar, an instrument based on the properties of
laser.
(v) The laser rays are parallel and do not spread. This
property of laser rays is used in the measurement of
long distance.
COMMUNICATION
The term communication refers to the transmitting
receiving and processing of information by electronic
means. A basic communication system consists of an
information source, a transmitter, a link and a receiver.
• Electromagnetic waves which are used in radio,
television and other communication system are
radiowaves and micro waves.
• In ground wave propagation , the radio wave travel
through atmosphere following the surface of the earth
from transmitting antenna to receiving antenna. The
ground wave propagation is useful for low range
frequencies upto 1500 kHz. The ground wave
propagation is generally used for local broadcasting.
• In space wave propagation , the radio wave from the
transmitting antenna reach the receiving antenna either
directly or after reflection from the ground or from
troposphere. The space wave propagation utilises the
electromagnetic waves of very high frequency band
(between 30 MHz to 300 MHz), ultra high frequency
band (between 300 MHz to 3000 MHz) and microwaves
having frequencies range 100 GHz to 300 GHz.
• In sky wave propagation the radio waves from the
transmitting antenna reach the receiving antenna after
entering in ionosphere. The sky wave frequency lies
between 2 MHz to 30 MHz.
• A communication satellite is a space craft, provided with
microwave receiver and transmitter.
– It is placed in an orbit around the earth.
– The frequencies used in satellite communication lies in
UHF/ microwave regions.
– These waves can cross the ionosphere and reach the
satellite.
• The satellite communication is used effectively in mobile
communication, metrology and weather forecasting.
• Remote sensing is the technique to obtain information
about an object by observing it from a distance and
without coming to actual contact with it. It is used in
development of weather forecasting system.
• Parallel wire line is used to connect an antenna with TV
receiver. Parallel wire lines are never used for
transmission of microwaves.
• Twisted pair wires are used to connect telephone system.
• Coaxial cables are used for long distance high frequency
transmission. e.g. TV channel transmission.
➨Note Maser is a device working on the same principle as a laser.
Maser means ’Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emissi on of
Radiation, It is used to produce very high magnetic field and in radio
astronomy and communications.
Optical Communication
It is a better communication system for large number of
channels and higher bandwidth transmission. Now-a-days
optical fibres of very small diameters ( )≈
−10 5 m are used in
optical communication. Advantages of optical
communication over the conventional two wires or coaxial
cable systems are
(i) In optical fibres energy losses are less.
(ii) Secret information like banking, defence, etc., is more
secure because optical signal is confined to the inside
of fibre and cannot be tampered easily.
(iii)It can be used at high frequencies ( )≈ 10
14 Hz .
Phenomenon of total internal reflection is the principle be hind
optical fibres. Light can be transmitted along it with almos t no
loss because of total internal reflection. Important appli cations
of optical fibres are in telecommunications and medicine.
611GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 817 ---
612 CDS Pathfinder
PRACTICE EXERCISE
Measurement, Motion, Work,
Energy and Power
1. A train travels a distance with a
speed of 30 km/h and returns with
a speed of 50 km/h. The average
speed of the train is
(a) 36 km/h (b) 37.5 km/h
(c) 38 km/h (d) 40 km/h
2.
Average velocity of an object is
equal to the mean of its initial and
final velocities, if the acceleration is
(a) uniform (b) variable
(c) Both a and b (d) None of these
3.
A water tank filled upto 2
3 of its
height is moving with a uniform
speed. On sudden application of the
brake, the water in the tank would
(a) move backward (b) move forward
(c) be unaffected (d) rise upwards
4.
When the distance, an object
travels is directly proportional to
the length of time, it is said to
travel with
(a) zero velocity (b) uniform velocity
(c) constant velocity
(d) constant acceleration
5.
If the displacement of an object is
proportional to square of time,
then the object moves with
(a) uniform velocity
(b) uniform acceleration
(c) increasing acceleration
(d) decreasing acceleration
6.
A passenger in a moving train
tosses a five rupee coin. If the coin
falls behind him, the train must
be moving with a uniform
(a) acceleration
(b) deceleration
(c) speed
(d) velocity
7.
The velocity-time graph for an
object is shown below. Which one
of the following statements helds
true for this object?
(a) The object is moving with uniform
speed
(b) The object is in non-uniform
accelerated
(c) The object is at rest
(d) The object is in non-uniform
decelerated.
8. Which of the following figure
represents uniform motion of a
moving object correctly?
9. A body falls from rest. The
velocity acquired by falling a
distance 2 h is
(a) 2 gh (b) gh
(c) 2 gh (d) None of these
10. The velocity-time graph for an
object is shown. Which one of the
following statements holds true
for this object?
(a) The object has uniform velocity
(b) The object has uniform acceleration
(c) The object has non-uniform
acceleration
(d) None of the above
11.
A boy throws four stones of same
shape, size and weight with equal
speed at different initial angles
with the horizontal line. If the
angles are 15°, 30°, 45° and 60°,
at which angle the stone will
cover the maximum distance
horizontally?
(a) 15° (b) 30° (c) 45° (d) 60°
12. Which one of the following is a
vector quantity?
(a) Force (b) Area
(c) Volume (d) Density
13.
External forces acting on an object
(a) are always balanced
(b) are always unbalanced
(c) may or may not be balanced
(d) None of the above
14.
When horse starts running all of a
sudden, the rider on the horse
falls back because
(a) he is afraid
(b) he is taken a back
(c) due to inertia of motion, the lower
part of his body comes in motion
(d) due to inertia of rest, the upper
part of his body remains at rest
15. A scooter driven over an oily road
generally slips because on the oily
road
(a) inertia of the scooter tyres increases
(b) inertia of the scooter tyres decreases
(c) friction between tyres and road
increases
(d) friction between tyres and road
decreases
16.
Newton’s second law of motion
connects
(a) momentum and acceleration
(b) change of momentum and velocity
(c) rate of change of momentum and
external force
(d) rate of change of force and
momentum
17.
When a ball drops onto the floor it
bounces. Why does it bounce?
(a) Newton’s third law implies that for
every action (drop) there is a
reaction (bounce)
(b) The floor exerts a force on the ball
during the impact
(c) The floor is perfectly rigid
(d) The floor heats up on impact
18.
If an object having mass of 1 kg is
subjected to a force of 1 N, it
moves with
(a) a speed of 1 m/s
(b) a speed of 1 km/s
(c) an acceleration of 10 m/s
2
(d) an acceleration of 1 m/s 2
19. Momentum has the same unit as
that of
(a) couple
(b) torque
(c) impulse
(d) moment of momentum
Time
Velocity
(a)
Distance
Time
(b)
© (d)
Distance
Distance Distance
Time
Time Time
Time
Velocity

--- PDF PAGE 818 ---
20. Rocket works on the principle of
conservation of
(a) mass (b) energy
(c) momentum (d) None of these
21.
Two balls of different masses have
the same kinetic energy. The ball
having greater momentum will be
(a) lighter one
(b) heavier one
(c) both having equal masses
(d) cannot say
22.
A goalkeeper in a game of football
pulls his hands backwards after
holding the ball shot at the goal.
This enables the goalkeeper to
(a) exert larger force on the ball
(b) reduce the force exerted by the
ball on hands
(c) increase the rate of change of
momentum
(d) decrease the rate of change of
momentum
23. A cricket player moves his hands
along the direction of the moving
ball while catching it in order to
(a) kill the googly of the ball
(b) conserve energy
(c) conserve mass
(d) reduce the force of impulse
24.
Consider the following statements
1. The impulse given to a body is
equal to the change in the
momentum of the body.
2. The unit of the impulse is the
same as that of the momentum.
3. The product of the force and
velocity is called the impulse.
4. Impulse is a vector quantity.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) Only 4
(c) Only 3 (d) 1, 2 and 3
25.
It is easier to roll a barrel along
the road than to pull it because
(a) rolling involves only one point of
contact between the barrel and the
earth
(b) rolling friction is considerably less
than the sliding friction
(c) the full weight of the barrel does
not become effective while rolling
(d) None of the above
26.
It is difficult to walk on ice than
on road because
(a) ice is harder than road
(b) road is harder than ice
(c) ice does not offer any reaction,
when we push it, with our foot
(d) ice has a lesser friction than road
27.
Frictional force
1. is self-adjusting force.
2. is a non-conservative force.
3. is a necessary evil.
Codes
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 1 and 3
(c) Only 1 (d) All of these
28.
Consider the following statements
1. Friction force is conservative
force.
2. Magnetic force and electrostatic
force are non-conservative force.
Which of the following sentences
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 2 (d) None of these
29.
The chance of a vehicle to overturn
while negotiating a circular path
depends on
(a) speed of the vehicle only
(b) radius of the circular path only
(c) speed and height of the vehicle
and radius of the circular path
(d) height of the vehicle only
30. Fat can be separated from milk in
a cream separation because of
(a) cohesive force
(b) gravitational force
(c) centrifugal force
(d) centripetal force
31.
Consider the following statements
1. If a body is rotating in a
circular path, then after one
rotation its distance will be
zero.
2. distance and displacement are
equal in straight line.
3. The speedometer of the car
shows its instantaneous speed.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 2 and 3 (d) 1 and 3
32.
Match the following columns.
Column I Column II
A. We hit a carpet with a
stick to remove the dust
1. Law of
motion II
B. China wires are wrapped
in straw or paper
2. Law of
motion I
C. A jet plane moves 3. Law of
motion III
D. Bogies of the train are
provided with buffers
4. Impulse
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 3 4 1 2 (b) 2 1 3 4
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 3 4 2 1
33.
Match the following columns.
Column I
(Situation)
Column II
(Centripetal force)
A. Revolution of the
earth around the
sun
1. Tension in the
string
B. Vehicle taking a turn
on level road
2. Friction force
exerted by the
road on the tyres
C. A vechicle on a
speed braker
3. Weight of the
body
D. A particle tied to a
string and whirled in
a horizonal circle
4. Gravitation force
exerted by the
sun
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 4 2 3 1 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 1 2 3 4
34.
When work is done on the body
(a) it gains energy
(b) it loses energy
(c) its energy remains constant
(d) None of the above
35.
Statement I When the force
retards the motion of a body, the
work done is zero.
Statement II Work done depends
on angle between force and
displacement.
Codes
(a) Both the statements are correct
and statement II is the correct
explanation of statement I
(b) Both the statements are correct,
but statement II is not the correct
explanation of statement I
(c) Statement I is correct, but
statement II is incorrect
(d) Statement I is incorrect, but
statement II is correct
36.
An object of mass 2 kg is lifted
vertically through a distance of
1.5 m. The work done in process is
(a) 29.4 J (b) 19.4 J
(c) 17.4 J (d) 20.4 J
37.
The work done on an object does
not depends upon the
(a) displacement (b) force applied
(c) final velocity (d) initial velocity
38.
Consider the following statements
1. When a body falls freely under
gravity the work done by
gravity is positive.
2. If a force of 1 dyne produces a
displacement of 1 cm in the
direction of the force, the work
done is called 1 erg.
3. Work is scalar quantity.
4. Work done is always positive.
613GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 819 ---
614 CDS Pathfinder
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1, 2 and 4 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 4 (d) 1, 2 and 3
39.
If the velocity of a particle is
reduced to half of its initial value,
then the kinetic energy of the
particle will
(a) get doubled
(b) become four times
(c) reduce to half of its original value
(d) reduce to one-fourth of its original
value
40.
A horse and a dog are running
with the same speed. Then, the
ratio of their kinetic energies, if
the weight of the horse is ten
times that of dog, is
(a) 10 : 1 (b) 100 : 1
(c) 1 : 9 (d) 9.8 : 98
41.
If acceleration due to gravity is
10 m/s 2, then the potential energy
of a body of mass 1 kg kept at a
height of 5 m, is
(a)□50□J (b)□100□J (c)□500□J (d)□50 KJ
42. When a body falls freely
(a) its PE is converted into KE
(b) its KE is converted into PE
(c) its mechanical energy is converted
into heat energy
(d) None of the above
43.
Consider the following statements
1. When a body falls its potential
energy decrease but at the
same time kinetic energy
increases by an equal amount.
2. The total amount of energy in
the universe remains constant.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 1
(c) Only 2 (d) None of these
44.
If acceleration due to gravity is
9.8 m /s 2. A bag of wheat weighs,
200 kg. The height to which it
should be raised, so that its
potential energy may be 9800 J, is
(a)□5□m (b)□4□m (c)□3□m (d)□10□m
45. Two bodies of equal mass move
with the velocity of 2v and 3v,
respectively. Then, the ratio of
their kinetic energies is
(a) 4 9 : (b) 2 3 : (c) 1 2 : (d) 8 11 :
46. Power of the moving body is
stored in the form of
(a) work and time
(b) force and distance
(c) force and velocity
(d) distance and acceleration
47.
Statement I Pulling a lawn roller
is easier than pushing it.
Statement II Pushing increases
the apparent weight and hence
the force of friction.
e 2012 II
(a) Both the statements are correct
and statement II is the correct
explanation of statement I
(b) Both the statements are correct,
but statement II is not the correct
explanation of statement I
(c) Statement I is correct, but
statement II is incorrect
(d) Statement I is incorrect, but
statement II is correct
48.
A bus travels at a speed of
50 km/h to go from its origin of its
destination at a distance of 300 km
and travels at a speed of 60 km/h
to return to the origin. What is
the average speed of the bus?
e 2012 II
(a) 54.55 km/h (b) 55 km/h
(c) 55.55 km/h (d) 54 km/h
49.
Magnetic, electrostatic and
gravitational forces came under
the category of
e 2013 II
(a) non-contact forces
(b) contact forces
(c) frictional forces
(d) non-frictional forces
50.
You are asked to jog in a circular
track of radius 35 m. Right one
complete round on the circular
track, your displacement and
distance covered by you
respectively
e 2014 I
(a) zero and 220 m (b) 220 m and zero
(c) zero and 110 m (d) 110 m and 220 m
51.
In cricket match, while catching a
fast moving ball, a fielder in the
ground gradually pulls his hands
backwards with the moving ball to
reduce the velocity to zero. The
act represents
e 2014 I
(a) Newton’s first law of motion
(b) Newton’s second law of motion
(c) Newton’s third law of motion
(d) Law of conservation of energy
52.
The distance-time graph for an
object is shown below. Which one
of the following statements holds
true for this object?
e 2014 II
(a) The object is moving with uniform
speed
(b) The object is at rest
(c) The object is having non-linear motion
(d) The object is moving with
non-uniform speed
53.
An electron and a proton are
circulating with same speed in
circular paths of equal radius.
Which one among the following
will happen, if the mass of a
proton is about 2,000 times that of
an electron?
e 2015 I
(a) The centripetal force required by
the electron is about 2,000 times
more than that required by the
proton
(b) The centripetal force required by
the proton is about 2,000 times
more than that required by the
electron
(c) No centripetal force is required for
any charged particle
(d) Equal centripetal force acts on
both the particles as they rotate in
the same circular path
54.
An object is raised to a height of
3 m from the ground. It is then
allowed to fall on to a table 1 m
high from ground level. In this
context, which one among the
following statements is correct?
e 2015 I
(a) Its potential energy decreases by
two-thirds its original value of total
energy
(b) Its potential energy decreases by
one-third its original value of total
energy
(c) Its kinetic energy increases by
two-third, while potential energy
increases by one-third
(d) Its kinetic energy increases by
one-third, while potential energy
decreases by one-third
55.
Statement I When a gun is
fired it recoils i.e. it pushes back,
with much less velocity than the
velocity of the bullet.
Statement II Velocity of the
recoiling gun is less because the
gun is much heavier than the
bullet.
e 2015 I
(a) Both the statements are correct
and statement II is the correct
explanation of statement I
(b) Both the statements are correct,
but statement II is not the correct
explanation of statement I
(c) Statement I is correct but
statement II is incorrect
(d) Statement I is incorrect but
statement II is correct
Previous Years’ Questions
Time
Distance

--- PDF PAGE 820 ---
56. A body is falling freely under the
action of gravity alone in vacuum.
Which one of the following
remains constant during the fall?
(a) Potential energy e 2015 II
(b) Kinetic energy
(c) Total linear momentum
(d) Total mechanical energy
57.
Newton’s laws of motion do not
hold good for objects
e 2015 II
(a) at rest
(b) moving slowly
(c) moving with high velocity
(d) moving with velocity comparable to
velocity of light
58.
A brick is thrown vertically from
an aircraft flying 2 km above the
Earth. The brick will fall with a
(a) constant speed e 2015 II
(b) constant velocity
(c) constant acceleration
(d) constant speed for sometime, then
with constant acceleration as it
nears the Earth
59.
The rate of change of momentum
of a body is equal to the resultant
e 2016 I
(a) energy (b) power
(c) force (d) impulse
60.
The SI unit of mechanical energy
is
e 2016 I
(a) Joule (b) Watt
(c) Newton-second (d) Joule-second
Rotational Motion
and Gravitation
61. The centre of mass of a system
(a) is always at its geometric centre
(b) is always anywhere inside it
(c) is always outside it
(d) may be inside or outside it
62.
Assertion (A) To unscrew a
rusted nut, we need a wrench
with longer arm.
Reason (R) Wrench with longer
arm reduces the torque of the
arm.
(a) Both A and R are correct and R is
the correct explanation of the A
(b) Both A and R are correct but R is
not the correct explanation of the A
(c) A is correct but R is incorrect
(d) A is incorrect but R is correct
63. Consider the following
statements
1. Torque is equal to the product
of moment of inertia and
angular acceleration.
2. Torque is a vector quantity.
3. The rate of change of angular
acceleration is equal to the
torque.
4. The turning effect of a body
is known as torque.
Which of the following
statements is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 4
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 1, 2 and 4
64.
Consider the following
quantities.
I. Angular momentum
II. Kinetic energy
Which of the quantities given
above will remain constant for a
satellite in orbit?
(a) Only I (b) Only II
(c) Both I and II (d) Neither I nor II
65.
A boy suddenly comes and sits on
a circular rotating table. What
will remain conserved?
(a) Angular momentum
(b) Potential energy
(c) Linear momentum
(d) Kinetic energy
66.
A man is sitting on a revolving
stool with his arm outstretched.
When he suddenly pulls his arms
inside, then
(a) his angular velocity decreases
(b) his moment of inertia decreases
(c) his angular velocity remains
constant
(d) his angular momentum increases
67. The cat can survive fall from a
height much more than human
or any other animal. It is because
the cat
(a) can immediately adjust itself to
land on all four paws and bend the
legs to absorb the impact of falling
(b) has elastic bones
(c) has thick and elastic skin
(d) also gets injury equally with other
animals, but has tremendous
endurance, resistance and speedy
recovery
68.
An athlete diving off high
springboard can perform a variety
of exercise in tube air before
entering the water body, which
one of the following parameters
will remain constant during the
fall?
(a) The athlete’s linear momentum
(b) The athlete’s angular momentum
(c) The athlete’s kinetic engine
(d) The athlete’s moment of inertia
69.
A sphere of mass 40 kg is attracted
by a second sphere of mass 60 kg
with a force equal to 4 10 5× − N. If
G is 6 10 11× − N-m 2/
k 2, what is the distance between
them?
(a)□7□cm (b)□6□cm (c)□10□cm (d)□12□cm
70. If suddenly the gravitational force
of attraction between the earth and
a satellite revolving around it
becomes zero, then the satellite
will
(a) continue to move in this orbit with
same velocity
(b) move tangentially to the original
orbit in the same velocity
(c) became stationary in its orbit
(d) move towards the earth
71. The force of gravitation between
two bodies does not depend on
(a) their separation
(b) the product of their masses
(c) the sum of their masses
(d) the gravitational constant
72.
If the distance between two objects
is doubled, the force of attraction
between them will
(a) become 1
4
times (b) become 2 times
(c) become
1
8
times (d) remains same
73.
Consider the following statements
1. Gravitational force is always
attractive in nature.
2. Gravitational force is a central
force.
3. Tides are formed in oceans due
to gravitational attraction
between moon and ocean water.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
74.
The acceleration due to gravity
(a) has the same value everywhere in
space
(b) has the same value everywhere on
the earth
(c) varies with the latitude on the earth
(d) is greater on the moon due to its
smaller diameter
75. Two objects of different masses
falling freely near the surface of
the moon would
(a) have same velocities at any instant
(b) have different accelerations
(c) experience forces of same
magnitude
(d) undergo a change in their media
615GENERAL SCIENCE Physics

--- PDF PAGE 821 ---
616 CDS Pathfinder
76. An apple falls from a tree because
of gravitational attraction
between the earth and apple. If F1
is the magnitude of force exerted
by the earth on the apple and F2 is
the magnitude of force exerted by
apple on the earth, then
(a) F1 is very much greater than F2
(b) F2 is very much greater than F1
(c) F1 is only a little greater than F2
(d) F1 and F2 are equal
77. When an object is thrown up, the
force of gravity
(a) is opposite to the direction of
motion
(b) is in the same direction as the
direction of motion
(c) decreases as it rises up
(d) increases as it rises up
78. Assertion (A) Moon’s gravity is
equivalent to one-eighth of the
earth’s gravity.
Reason (R) Due to less gravity,
moon is unable to retain its
atmosphere.
(a) Both A and R are correct and R is
the correct explanation of A
(b) Both A and R are correct, but R is
not the correct explanation of A
(c) A is correct, but R is incorrect
(d) A is incorrect, but R is correct
79. A body has a mass of 6 kg on the
earth, when measured on the
moon, its mass would be
(a) nearly 1 kg (b) less than 1 kg
(c) less than 6 kg (d) 6 kg
80.
Match the following columns.
Column I Column II
A. g is maximum 1. At the moon
B. g is minimum 2. At pole
C. g is zero 3. At the equator
D. g is 1/6 of
original value
4. At centre of the
earth
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 1 2 3 4 (b) 2 3 4 1
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 4 2 3 1
81.
Consider the following statements
1. Mass of a body is not constant
it changes from place to place.
2. Mass is measured by an
ordinary equal arm balance.
3. At the equator, the mass of a
body is maximum.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 3 (d) All of these
82.
A line drawn from the sun to a
planet, moving around it, sweeps
over a fixed area in a given
interval of time. This is according
to
(a) Kepler’s law (b) Ohm’s law
(c) Lenz’s law (d) Newton’s law
83.
The earth revolves around the sun
in an elliptical orbit, its speed
(a) is greatest when it is farthest from
the sun
(b) is greatest when it is closest of the
sun
(c) remains the same at all points on
the orbit
(d) goes on decreasing continuously
84. The square of time period of
revolution of a planet round the
sun is
(a) directly proportional to its average
distance from the sun
(b) directly proportional to the square of
its average distance from the sun
(c) directly proportional to the cube of
its average distance from the sun
(d) inversely proportional to its average
distance from the sun
85. Consider the following statements
1. Time period of geo-stationary
satellite is 24 h.
2. Geo- stationary satellite
revolves in equatorial plane in
the direction of the earth’s
rotation i.e. from West to East
3. Geo-stationary satellite revolves
around the earth at 800 km.
4. INSAT 2B is a polar satellite.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 3 and 4 (d) 2, 3 and 4
86.
Two satellites are revolving in the
same circular orbit, their
1. masses are same
2. velocities are same
Codes
(a) 1 and 2
(b) Only 2
(c) Only 1
(d) None of the above
87.
A communication relay satellite is
able to telecast programmes
continuously from one part of the
world to another, because
(a) its period of revolution is greater
than the period of rotation of the
earth on its axis
(b) its period of revolution is equal to
the period of rotation of the earth
on its axis
(c) its period of revolution is less than
the period of rotation of the earth
on its axis
(d) its mass is less than the mass of
the earth
88.
A missile is launched with a
velocity less than the escape
velocity. The sum of its kinetic
and potential energy is
(a) positive (b) negative
(c) zero
(d) may be positive or negative
depending upon its initial velocity
89. The escape velocity of a projectile
from the surface of the earth is
approximately
(a) 11.3 km/s (b) 11.2 km/s
(c) 11.5 km/s (d) 11.4 km/s
90.
The velocity with which a
projectile must be fired so that it
escapes the earth’s gravitation
does not depend on
(a) mass of the earth
(b) mass of the projectile
(c) radius of the projectile’s orbit
(d) gravitational constant
91.
The escape velocity of a body on
the surface of the earth is 11.2
km/s. If the earth’s mass increases
to twice its present value and the
radius of the earth become half
the escape velocity would become
(a) 5.6 km/s
(b) 11.2 km/s (remain unchanged)
(c) 22.4 km/s (d) 44.8 km/s
92.
The escape velocity at the moon
1. is 2.38 km/s
2. is less than the average velocity
of the gas molecules at the
temperature of the moon
Codes
(a) Only 1 (b) Only 2
(c) 1 and 2
(d) None of the above
93.
Match the following columns.
Column I
(Quantity)
Column II
(Definition)
A. Mass 1. Attractive force only
B. Gravitational
force
2. The attractive force
exerted by the earth
C. Escape
velocity
3. It is a quantity of
matter
D. Weight 4. Body must be
projected up
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 1 3 4 (b) 3 1 4 2
(c) 1 2 3 4 (d) 2 1 3 4

--- PDF PAGE 822 ---
94. Satellite having the same orbital
period as the period of rotation of
the earth about its own axis is
known as
(a) polar satellite
(b) stationary satellite
(c) geostationary satellite
(d) INSAT
95.
A typical black hole is always
specified by
(a) a (curvature) singularity
(b) a horizon
(c) either a (curvature) singularity or a
horizon
(d) a charge
96.
The motion of the wheel of a cycle
is
(a) rectilinear
(b) translatory and rotatory
(c) rotatory
(d) translatory
97.
In respect of the difference of the
gravitational force from electric
and magnetic forces, which one of
the following statements is true?
e 2015 I
(a) Gravitational force is stronger than
the other two
(b) Gravitational force is attractive only,
whereas the electric and the
magnetic forces are attractive as
well as repulsive
(c) Gravitational force has a very short
range
(d) Gravitational force is a long range
force, while the other two are short
range forces
98.
A brick is thrown vertically from
an aircraft flying 2 km above the
earth. The brick will fall with a
(a) constant speed e 2015 II
(b) constant velocity
(c) constant acceleration
(d) constant speed for sometime, then
with constant acceleration as it
nears the Earth
99.
Which one of the following
statements is not correct?
e 2015 II
(a) Weight of a body is different on
different planets
(b) Mass of a body on the earth, on
the moon and in empty space is
the same
(c) Weightlessness of a body occurs
when the gravitational forces acting
on it is counter-balanced
(d) Weight and mass of a body are
equal at sea level on the surface
of the earth
Properties of Matter
100. What is the value of stress in a
wire of steel having radius of
2 mm if 10 KN of force is applied
on it?
(a) 7 96 10 8. × N/m 2
(b) 8 00 10 7. × N/m 2
(c) 10 10 7× N/m 2
(d) 10 10 8× N/m 2
101. Why the spring is made up of
steel in comparison of copper?
(a) Copper is more costly than steel
(b) Copper is more elastic than steel
(c) Steel is more elastic than copper
(d) None of the above
102.
Match the following columns.
Column I
(Property)
Column II
(Example)
A. Elastic 1. Iron
B. Plastic 2. Steel
C. Ductile 3. Quartz
D. Perfectly elastic 4. Paraffin wax
Codes
A B C D A B C D
(a) 2 4 1 3 (b) 1 2 3 4
(c) 4 3 2 1 (d) 3 4 2 1
103.
Consider the following statements
1. The internal restoring force
acting per unit area of
cross-section of the deformed
body is called stress.
2. The ratio of stress to strain is
a constant for a material and
is called modulus of elasticity
3. Air is more elastic than water.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) Only 3
104.
A 50 kg girl wearing high heal
shoes balances on a single heal.
The heal is circular with a
diameter 1.0 cm. The pressure
exerted by the heal on the
horizontal floor is (g 9.8 N) kg=
(a) 6.2 10 N / m6 2×
(b) 2.6 10 N / m5 2×
(c) 6.2 10 N / m8 2×
(d) 2.6 10 N / m6 2×
105. The pressure exerted on the
ground by a man is greatest
(a) when he lies down on the ground
(b) when he stands on the toes of one
foot
(c) when he stands with both foot flat
on the ground
(d) All of the above yield the same
pressure
106. Consider the following statements
1. Pressure is measured by
barometer.
2. Atmospheric pressure is
measured by manometer.
3. Atmospheric pressure decrease
with altitude.
4. Atmospheric pressure is
700 torr.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 2 (b) 2 and 3
(c) Only 3 (d) 1 and 4
107.
The relative density of silver is
10.8. If the density of water be
1 0 10 3. × kg/m3 the density of
silver will be
(a) 10 8 10 3. × kg/m 3 (b) 9 10 2× kg/m 3
(c) 8 10 3× kg/m 3 (d) 5 10 2× kg/m 3
108. The apparent weight of a steel
sphere immersed in various
liquids is measured using a spring
balance. The greatest reading is
obtained for the liquid
(a) having the smaller density
(b) having the largest density
(c) in which the sphere was
submerged deepest
(d) having the greatest volume
109. Hydraulic brakes in automatic
vehicles are based on
(a) Archimedes’ principle
(b) Toricellis equation
(c) Pascal’s law
(d) Bernoulli’s equation
110.
If a ship moves from fresh water
into sea water, it will
(a) sink completely
(b) sink a little bit
(c) rise a little higher
(d) remain unaffected
111.
Archimedes’ principle is used
1. determining the relative
density of a substance.
2. in designing ships and
submarines
3. measuring a terminal velocity
in air.
Which of the following statements
is/are correct?
(a) 1 and 3 (b) 2 and 3
(c) 1 and 2 (d) Only 2
112.
A needle made of steel floats in
water, if it is placed horizontally
because of
(a) capillary action
(b) interference
(c) viscosity
(d) surface tension
617GENERAL SCIENCE Physics
Previous Years’ Questions

