Experiments 1 and 2: Determine the unproductive tasks you do and for how long. What your timetable is and what is not? Determine how much continuous work is good for you? When should you take a break? 

Experiment 3: How much you should sleep for the most effective work?
Make a record of sleep habits over a long period of time and their effects on the day following it. Do it over a long period of time to normalize the results. 

1. Shutup most external stimuli? Intenral and External.
2. Relax all the muscles one by one. You can do it effectively by taking a warm bath or doing special exercises.
3. (1) by letting one’s attention follow the natural flow of the
mental images that spontaneously float through the mind;
(2) by rhythmical counting; (3) by thinking continuously of
the rocking of a ship or of sheep jumping over a low fence one
at a time, and continuing the process in an endless chain until
you fall asleep; (4) by thinking of how you feel or look when
asleep or how a child looks when it is asleep
4. If that doesn't work go to the doctor.

Second part: Determine the most productive time of your day. 

Third part: Find the time you give to food and eat.  Do you start your work immediately after a meal, or do you
plan for a period of bodily and mental rest after each meal to aid
the digestion of your food?  Do you live to eat, or eat to live more fully and happily?
And
How to get good sleep? Determine good food. Eat good food. Eat digestible food.
----
Warm-up. It increases pule beat a hence efficiency.
Having incentives is sight improves efficiency.
Try the best time for the most efficiency.
Drugs decrease efficiency but they may seem to be doing the opposite.
Do something extra effective if you have surplus energy?
Natural capacity matters. Natural memory also matters. Ability to overcome form fatigue in less time. I think I have of a special type of man. I can go for years.

Cause of efficiency: (i) Some abuse them¬
selves by trying to work too much and so incapacitate them¬
selves for their best achievements by wearing themselves out
prematurely. (2) Others do not exert themselves enough and
so do not get out of themselves as much as they are capable of
doing.
The rate of work is due to two things : (i) one’s method
of work and (2) mental quickness, including promptness in
decision and execution
Speed of doing work control efficiency.
We should have the power to concentrate all our energy on something when required.

There are two types of concentration: focused but singled and multi but not that focused.

Make a journal of your undertakings and your success and failures.

Have definite goal.

Do the things required to reach the goal consistently.
To succeed in the highest way and to be able to release and
direct one’s energy most effectively a worker must, therefore,
believe not only in the worthwhileness of his tasks but also
in his ability to succeed. He must believe that his tasks are
really possible and not too difficult for him.
It is thus demonstrated that an unskilled clerk, with an environ¬
ment that proves the possibility of a task and suggests its easy
accom{)lishment, can in three days succeed in doing what a skilled
clerk, with preliminary acquaintance of live weeks with the symbols
to be used, could only do after two weeks of s{)ecial practice, and
this because the latter, doubtless not a whit inferior in ability, had
been led to regard the task as very difficult.